Aw, yeah (It's like this, like this)
it's Eminem baby, back up in that motherfucking ass
(Till forever, till forever)
One time for your motherfucking mind, we represent the 313
You know what I'm saying?
yo they don't know shit about this
For the '96

Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxing, the zany-acting maniac in action
A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction
You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run
My rhyming skills got you climbing hills
I travel through your mind into your spine like siren drills
I'm sliming grills of roaches, with spray that disinfects
and twist the necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects
Put this in decks and check the monologue, turn your system up
Twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smoke
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more car tunes than animation
My lamination of narration
Hits a snare and bass in a track for duck rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be staring gazing
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland...
I'm infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite

Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince, a crew to stomp and then two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans
My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper than a Jeep full of people
MCs are feeble, I came to 'cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MCs and stand the lonely one
Imitator, intimidator, stimulator, simulator of data, eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces
My a cappella releases classic masterpieces through telekinesis
That eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite

Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O
So I'm assuming all responsibility
'Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MCs
Mic nestler, slamming like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
No one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical
I get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy
In fact I can't see, or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching
So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam
Plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be, 'cause once you make an instant hit
I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit...
I'm infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite

'95, '96 ('96)
And on and on and on (and on and on)



[old school hip-hop beat tune plays in the background like a radio station]

[Proof]
Yeah soul intent, checking it number one baby this week
You know what I'm sayin'?
This is MC Proof

[Head]
And DJ Head

[Proof]
Checkin' in on W.E.G.O.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Ay yo we got the number one requested song, of the DAY coming up next.
It's a local thing wants retilin'
It goes by the name of Eminem
And it's called "It's OK"



[Eye-Kyu:] Check it out, 
[Eminem:] Hey Kyu!

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
One day I plan to be a family man happily married
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried
Till I'm glad to be buried 
And leave this crazy world
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl
It may be early to be planning this stuff
Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough
Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough
I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed
My hands have been cuffed
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff
Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts
I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see
My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased
With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
Way before my baby is able to crawl
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps
Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep 
Praying for sleep
Dreaming with a watering mouth
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse
In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts
With the root of all evil
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
And make them do shit illegal
For these Grant's and Jackson's
These transactions explain a man's actions
But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity 
Through God and there's a wish he granted me
He showed me how to cope with the stress
And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed
Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest
To selling dope with the rest
I quit smoking cess to open my chest
Life is stressful inside this cesspool 
Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics
He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts
Kids attract static, children with automatics
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

Uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep
Uh yeah, it's ok, it's alright, I can't sleep



[Eye-Kyu:] Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Eminem:] Man what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Verse 1: Eye-Kyu]
Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right 
I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime
My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats
Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets
Forgot a gold digger's succubus , my souls thick with ruggedness
With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this
I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound
On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch)
We elevated to new heights premeditated 
Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it
The escalated can be put to the test of greatness
Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it
So I take it that's the reason I'm hated
To represent my temperment
If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant
But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so)
Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now)
Everything that you collaborate I lacerate 
My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate
At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate
I blasterate, and have you all running master gates
And as for face clutching and touching the flows
I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose
Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science
Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance 
Defiance, no we won't have that
You want your shit to blow up?
Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack 
And blast that shit to kingdom come
Then bring them some of this real hip-hop 
I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about
And you all knew from Meeko
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno
So stop that bullshit and flow
Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know

[Chorus: Eminem]
So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Eye-Kyu:] Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be the sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Verse 2: Eminem]
So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
You don't know shit so when you see one flee
You can be Run-D, you'll never beat the MC
I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T
I'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet MC crashes the spot
I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott
Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me
I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory
It's either them or me man, kill or be killed
You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed
My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty
If he's acting soft and he cowers
He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers
You flowers got no clout with a thing
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
I shout the slang, simple as A,B,C's
Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's
Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone
Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone
So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks
I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks
I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their 
fingers
But you can bring yours let's see what you got
But don't front and never try to be what you're not
Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back
And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack 

[Chorus: Eye-Kyu]
So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become



[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight

[Verse 1:]
I'm getting mad love, I'm snuggling hugs
Druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs
So here's a toast to federal checks
Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh
We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks
To find babbling Max, gaffling tracks
I grapple an axe for them baffling acts
The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax
Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit
The tall shit that will end up with his skull split
Then I buried the hatchet, I carried on my back 
Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it
Baby all I wanna do is swallow one and two
Smoke a little bit and follow one of you 
Back home when the party ends
So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints
To the finest women in the audience

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright

[Verse 2:]
Ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandealous
Living as scandalous as a television evangelist
But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter
Caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters
I think a living never meant for me
Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally
When I stumbled upon this resolution
By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution
You couldn't see me with binoculars
I armed like an octopus
Step on stage and you get socked and pushed
Talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back
Come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act
When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it
Every minute so when I win it you never resent it
I'm forever demented, come up with funk, I'll never be scented
You got the point when I cleverly said it

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright

[Verse 3:]
Eminem is heading skyward
For those who thought that I would make you bored and treat you like a piece 
of plywood
I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
With the agility to escape a killer bee colony
So get your cameras and capture how miraculous 
I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was
I meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this
I'm hazardous enough already as it is
Without you adding fuel to the fire
I'm cruel to the liar
Who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire
Clinical studies show that I'm cynical
There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow
I'm sure the party people can agree
That I'm enchanting, with the romantic
Freaking the vocals so frantically
So throw your hands up in the atmosphere
And let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright



Maxine!! (Phone Rings)

[Maxine:] Hello
[Denaun:] Can I speak to Maxine?
[Maxine:] Yeah this is me what's up?
[Denaun:] What up?
[Maxine:] Who dis?
[Denaun:] Denaun 
[Maxine:] Yeah what's up?
[Denaun:] What are you doing?
[Maxine:] Nothing, just laying in bed
[Denaun:] Huh?
[Maxine:] Nothing, just laying in bed
[Denaun:] Why?
[Maxine:] I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean
Plus she got a sugar daddy
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly
If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation
You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation
When you step away son, she got her face done
Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if
You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee
Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it
While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!!)

[Verse 2: Denaun Porter]
Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit
You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night
You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down
And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this 
Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be
You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that
When you got niggas hiding in your closet
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely

[Verse 3: 3]
I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas 
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number
I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch..
Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands
And said "Oh it's like that?"
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit
She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit
She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number
She asked could I give her mine two
Got to the crib and called her up
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck
I said "Maxine check this out, 
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out"
Got to the crib she let me in
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom
I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things"
What the fuck are you doing?
So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing
As she went for my midsection
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work
Before I hit it she said
"3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass"
I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok"
She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS"
I got up out

[Denaun:] Hey, Maxine
[Maxine:] What
[Denaun:] You thinking about sucking my dick?
[Maxine:] Yeah for a small price
[Denaun:] For a small price? What you mean?
[Maxine:] You know, money nigga
[Denaun:] You don't need no damn money, 
I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit.
[Maxine:] (laughing) What you, what you hear I got?
[Denaun:] AIDS
[Maxine:] (laughing) Who told you that bullshit?
[Denaun:] My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie
[Maxine:] Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then
[Denaun:] Oh for real, it's like that?
[Maxine:] (laughing) Well I ain't got shit, 
so he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me, 
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga
[Denaun:] Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you
[Maxine:] No, see.. 
[Denaun:] You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you
[Maxine:] Hold on, why it ain't even like that
[Denaun:] I want ya'll to get paid, fucking..
[Maxine:] (laughing as the phone hangs up)



Hey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man
Ya'll been here every weekend man, 
I don't ever get a chance to rap first man!
That's cause you whack!
What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all ya'll
Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first, 
you can bust yours after me if you want to
No no man, I'm going first, 
I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man
You always rap first, 
I'm rapping I don't care what none of ya'll say, 
I'm fresh, I'm fresh

[Thyme:]
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'll have you taken back to Christ when you sacrifice
The way you acting slice when I tear your back with knifes
Jacking life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan
For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband
A stomped your man so unless you want what he got
You better set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot
I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask
If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask
It's an amazing task to battle with success
I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less
And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians
Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
Wicked wizardry, like a sorcerer and no remorse for you
When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra
So feel the force of my spiritual images
Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages
My skin itches every time a rapper recites
And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites
You wanna see fights I got a match for you
You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula

[Chorus: Thyme]
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

[Verse 2: Eminem]
You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me
You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me
Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier
Inferior, deterior rate, like bacteria
Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see
How much in fear when u hear me you'll be
Shiver and shake, quiver and quake
Bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache, whither and break
You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake
I'll twist you into a different shape
And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fisherman sake
If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake
Every dis you can take, personal
We ain't friends trying to make amends
If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence
I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces
Your last releases, you bad diseases, that's the reason
I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic
So pass it like a hot potato
I've never been less than clever and fresh
Severing flesh of fools who never impressed I can confess

[Chorus: Thyme]
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out!! I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo let me get that mic manÃ
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic!!
I got the rhymes bitch, I'll kick that shit



Hey what up man?
What up dog?
Ya heard?
Chillen, cold as hell
Yes it is, hey Busta didn't come here did he?
No, hey look, you got fifteen cent?
Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke
We gotta go to the store alright man quick cause I'm short
Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
Nah, look..
You should just, how much you got there?
I only got 75, I'm sure I got a dollar know what I mean..
Just throw it in there they ain't gonna know
You know what look, I'm sick of taking this damn bus everywhere man
You gotta make some moves or something
I know look, I'm trying to get rich,
I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car,
you know what I'm saying?
I still stay with my moms, 21 and still with my moms
Look hey, we gotta make some hit records or something,
you know what I'm saying? Cause I'm tired of being broke

[Verse 1:]
Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern
And dream of having a turn to earn money to burn
Mapping out my strategies to get rich huh
My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh
Cause man I live in the D, this shit ain't given for free
Nothing's different to me, so what, it's easy to see
I'll be the prisoner to flee, all of this misery
I'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea
But just an MC, so listen to me, but if you disagree
You missing the key, you ain't even in the brisk of the tea
Unconditionally my aspects to cash checks
My objects were never to swab decks
It's up to you the decision is yours
If what you vision is tours, or a mission less course
When shit is in the stores, cause you can be a star

[Chorus:]
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh

You know what I'm saying, see what I'm talking about man?
Cause that's it
Yeah
A million dollars ain't even that far away man
Yo we got to get the money man, I can't be broke for the rest of my life
Yeah I hear what your saying,
look there's got to be something better, you know what I'm saying?
I can't live like this for the rest of my life man,
bumming rides everywhere I go
Yeah, what's up with Lexus' and Land cruisers'?

[Verse 2:]
Yo I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business
I'm canceling Christmas to gamble and risk this
Financial interest is the matter at hand
I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand
I grab what I can and do what I must
Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just choose
The few that I trust, thems the people that I still got
Fuck with gangsta fill pot, get your grill shot
The 5 Elemantz for life my man Thyme
Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through into time
My crews true and divine, we never fronted
We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred
Instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives
It's all about a man planning what his future is
What he can do for his to be a star

[Chorus:]
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh

That's what I'm talking about, I'm not trying to be the player,
I'm trying to be the man, I'm want to be President
Yo forgot that President man I'm trying to be king,
making dead presidents, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah
Getting money anytime I want owning my own businesses and all that,
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I'm trying to be a millionare man, hahaha, but don't all you know
You only live once
ninety six baby



[Women Singing:]
Ain't no one special, special like you [4X]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [4X]

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing
Missing what I remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing
Bugging and weezing, I'm having trouble when breathing
It's even tougher when sleeping
But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving
For loving and leaving, you all I'm thinking of in the evening
You got my knees buckling and weakening
Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in
And interrupt when I'm speaking
I got some game that I'm preparing to run
The way your lips sparkle and glare in the sun
You got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun
Cause your comparing to none, I wanna share in the fun
I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a 
touch 
I see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good
The seed is passing in dust
I'm not asking to rush and answer immediately
I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me
If you agree to repeat after me, I Love You (I love you baby)
Cause I just need you to see, how much I'm eager to be
Your man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed
This is easily said, so you can lead or be led
If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [4X]

[Verse 2: Denaun Porter]
Baby it's all on you, it's you I call on boo
Let's set a day up so you can fall on through
We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast
Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es
We'll start it out with caviar, Don Parigne
And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on
We'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things
I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane
If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day
It's still all right cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray
Your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear
You look impeccable, nothing compares
I dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so
It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so
Now we all set to play, only thing left to say is
When you step away, baby but don't forget the Neglicie

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [8X]
Ain't no one special, special like you [2X]



[Police voice:]
Attention all units, attention all units
We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair
I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair
He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife
Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's
He could be coming at your girlfriend next

[Verse 1:]
There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward
His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward
He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm
He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm
Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair
Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there
He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes
Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 2:]
We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed
Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms
Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors
Locking down every block and put up metal detectors
Protectors and be sure that you stand close
Watch each others backs and guard your command post
And most of all be advised that he's wise
He could be disguised as one of your very own guys

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 3:]
I'm on a solo mission to find him personally
To settle the score and beat then him mercifully
For what he first did to me
It's sure to be the last
Following footprints with a magnifying glass
To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell
I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail
I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar
"Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya"

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 4:]
I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps
Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider-webs
Inside the depths of his basement
I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place went!
I saw my life flash in front of my eyes
I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs
None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed
Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 5:]
Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned
They're only powerful when you got your back turned
I yearned for the day that we finally met again
So I can give him a taste of his own medicine
He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean
I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen
Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home
Beating him over the head with the telephone

[Police voice:]
Attention all cars, attention all cars
Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect
He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat
He's going back to the crazy home, how about that?

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!



[Slim Shady:]
"Eminem"

[Eminem:]
"No"

[Slim Shady:]
"Eminem"

[Eminem:]
"Nooo"

[Slim Shady:]
"Wake the fuck up motherfucker"

[Eminem:]
"What do you want from me??"

[Slim Shady:]
"Remember me"

[Eminem:]
"I killed you!"

[Slim Shady:]
"Thought I was dead, didn't you"

[Eminem:]
"WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?!"

[Slim Shady:]
"I'm alive!"

[Eminem:]
"Oh god!"

[Slim Shady:]
"Get up"

[Eminem:]
"No"

[Slim Shady:]
"Get up and look in the mirror!"

[Eminem:]
"I don't want to"

[Slim Shady:]
"Look in the mirror to see your reflection"

[Eminem:]
"LEAVE ME ALONE!!"

[Slim Shady:]
"LOOK IN THE MIRROR!, YOU'RE NOTHING, YOU'RE NOTHING WITHOUT ME!
LOOK IN THE MOTHERFUCKING MIRROR!!!"

[Eminem:]
"NOOOOO!!" [Glass Shatters]

[Low, Down, Dirty being scratched]



Warning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted
You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted
Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch you got a sick kid"
Arrested, molested myself and got convicted
Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises
Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis
I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll, disrespectful
Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo
"Murder Murder Redrum"
Brain size of a bread crumb
Which drug will I end up dead from
Inebriated, till my stress is eleviated
"How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related?"
Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter
Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder
Jumped out (Ahhhh!) killed the bitch and did her
Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er
Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin Bette Midler
Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler
Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler
Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her

[Chorus: Eminem + (Redman Sample) - 2X]
[E] I'm low down and I'm shiftee!
"And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
and ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from.."

I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons
With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds
Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits
Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits
Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it
I'ma let your grandpa hit it
Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it
Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum
But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage
Losing all of my leverage
Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich
Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage
Smoked out like Eckridge
Band just making my neck itch
What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch
You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast
Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips
Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
Slap hips, support domestic violence
Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence
I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking?
If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in

[Chorus]

My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling
Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England
I'm out the game, put the second string in
This Brandy got my swinging
Bobbing back and forth like a penguin
Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English
Make your mama be like "Ohh! This is good! Who sing this?"
"Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it
It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit."
It was predicted by a medic
I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic
Living off liquid Triametic
Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing
Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anasin
Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue
I think I'm dying, God is that you?
Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP
Take me to ER ASAP for and IV
Motherfuck JLB, they don't support no hip hop
They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is Tupac
It's politics, it's all a fix
Setup by these white blue collared hicks
Just to make a dollar off of black music
With a subliminal ball of tricks
But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks

[Chorus]



Life by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
Put in front of your optical to slow you down
And every time you think you've gotten past it
It's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they're really your enemies, with secret identities
And disguises, to hide their true colors
So just when you think you're close enough to be brothers
They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
Swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin' shit and dartin' off
I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour
Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off
I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
For this jerk breathing down my neck driving me berserk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of workin' at Builder's Square
Tired of not being a millionaire

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work
In the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
Saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of JLB saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I supposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin'?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see
Know what I'm sayin'? Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player-hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'
But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?
Just fed up
That's my word



[Intro: Frogg]
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clapping 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is what you thought it wasn't
It beez the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G [coughing in background]
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

[Verse One: Eminem]
Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzing, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we coming out in the open
I'm doing acid, crack, smack, coke and smoking dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm coming out swinging, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the pudding, just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman

[Chorus:]
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screaming "Fuck the World" like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talking that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Telling your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!

[Verse Two: Eminem]
I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone
I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing
Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snorting, supporting abortion
Pathological liar, blowing shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Eminem]
Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shooting up while this record is spinning
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck dropping the jewel, I'm flipping the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfucking style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes
In school I never said much, too busy having a headrush
Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again
I'm going up over the curb, driving on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

[Chorus]

[Outro: Eminem]
Shit, fuck everything...
Outsiders, Pace One, Young Zee.
Fuck the entire world...



Just the two of us.. [8X]

[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Just the two of us.. [4X]

[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby



[Bizarre]
Yeah...ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you
Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha

No one's iller than me (wha?)
No one, no one is iller than me
No one is iller than me
It's Mr. Swifty from the 313...

[Swift]
I make rappers wanna turn into singers
I keep hoes lickin' they fingers
Bring this competition and face this meanin' 
Got your whole crew doing subpeonas
Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius
Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters
Keep it close, you can't beat us
While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this
I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin rejects
While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret
That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell
From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals
I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail
Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well
Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials
Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels
Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now
Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how?
I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild
Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW!

It's Swifty from the 313
Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh!

[Bizarre]
Me and Eminem and Mike
Drivin' down Van Dyke
Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite
Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason
Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin'
Last week this old man I had to blast
Cuz he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas
Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook
Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook
Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack
Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at
I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should
This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good!
Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route 
Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell "EVERYBODY GET OUT"!
My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece
Cuz she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece

No one, no one's iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313

[Eminem]
Nobody better test me, cuz I don't wanna get messy
Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly
New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs
Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs
True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs
Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs
Down a fifth, crack open a six
I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss
I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends
Who gives a fuck who they was
I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does
They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz?
We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz
Mics get sandblasted
Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid
Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it
Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket
Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted
Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic
Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic
Furious four motherfuckers
Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters

Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me

[Fuzz]
I run shit like an ass with legs
Massive lead to leave your cabbage red
Similar to your ass in a casket dead
Drastic spread of acid heads
Come to abort you like a bastard egg
That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs
Ask the feds from past the edge
Rockin' the most classic threads
Flashin' bread, roll down the window
Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get 'til that ass get red
You can get 'til that ass get red
Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him
I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem
Never writer's block, I block writers
My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters
Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick
Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK!
And got drop kicked, now she screamin' "Stop it..."
Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit
Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick
Sick a-ya'll niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits
I shoot a rocket through your optic
You niggaz still don't know the top pick?
I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass
And have you shittin' socks bitch!
We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split
Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits
(No one...)

Ain't nobody iller than me

[Bizzare]
It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Eminem and Swift from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313

You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees!
From the home of potholes and trash
We'll lyrically blast...



[CHORUS]
All I see is murder murder, my mind state - [2Pac]
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate - [Swift]
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!
[2x]

Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan of citizen bystands
But shit is in my hands, here's your life span
For what your life's worth this money is twice than
Grab a couple grand and live a nice land
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin'
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin'
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin'
I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin', clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
Or gets ya description an' sketches ya
The connection was the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
Cuz I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the Mac
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
This bitch tried escapin' the jack
Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked
But I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze!"
But I'm already wanted for sellin' keys
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots, they bust back
Hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin' a vest

[CHORUS 2x]

Left the house, pullin' out the drive backin' out
Need a backin' out this lady's Jag started blackin' out
Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face
Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up
Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
Stole her car, made a profit
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl on Set It Off did
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal
Drove in thru somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin': "Son, go in and call the police
Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a nick before
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
And colliding with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must-a dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits
Came out with a white flag hollerin' "TRUCE TRUCE!"
Surrendered my weapon to cops
Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnopps

[CHORUS 2x ]

[CHORUS scratches to fade out]



[Announcer]
This is a public service announcement brought to you in part by Slim Shady
The views and events expressed here are totally fucked
and are not necessarily the views of anyone
However, the events and suggestions that appear on this album
are NOT to be taken lightly
Children should NOT partake in the listening in this album
with laces in their shoes
Slim Shady is not responsible for your actions
Upon purchasing this album, you have agreed NOT to try this at home

[Announcer - To Eminem]
Em, Anything else?

[Eminem]
Yeah, don't do drugs



[Eminem:]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
(Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

[Eminem & Dr. Dre:]
Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead" (Uh-uh)
"Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted"
Well, since age twelve, I felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut; "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off

[Eminem:]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh)
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship
While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends"
Ninety-nine percent of my life, I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her
(Oh, thank you)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans
(Ahh, ahh, ahh)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole"

Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(Huh, yup)
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here)
When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang)
'Cause I'm steaming mad (Grr)
And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had

Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady



[Doctor] Scalpel
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Sponge
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Wait.. he's convulsing, he's convulsing!
[Nurse] Ah!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my! Oh my God!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my God!

[Eminem]
These are the results of a thousand electric volts
A neck with bolts, "Nurse we're losin him, check the pulse!"
A kid who refused to respect adults
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
A corny lookin white boy, scrawny and always ornery
Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me
And I might snap, one day just like that
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack
(Whosssssh) My first day in junior high, this kid said,
"It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die"
I looked at my watch it was one twenty
"I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?!?"
He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse..."
My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first
Something told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache it works"
I screamed, "Owww! My appendix feels like they could burst!
Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse!"
[N] "What's the matter?"
[E] "I don't know, my leg, it hurts!"
[N] "Leg?!? I thought you said it was your tummy?!?"
[E] "Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee!"
[N] "Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over.
And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework."
[E] "But don't you wanna give me after school detention?"
[N] "Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him."

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin
But everywhere I go they keep playin my song

[Eminem]
Brain damage..
Way before my baby daughter Hailey
I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey
An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, cause his father boxes
so everyday he'd shove me in the lockers
One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin
And had me in the position to beat me into submission
He banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose,
Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat
I tried to plead and tell him, "We shouldn't beef"
But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin me and I couldn't breathe
He looked at me and said, "You gonna die honkey!"
The principal walked in (What's going on in here?)
and started helpin him stomp me
I made them think they beat me to death
Holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left
Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth
Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws
Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools
"This is for every time you took my orange juice,
or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk.
Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt.
I'm gettin you back bully! Now once and for good."
I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could
and beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood
Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot..
.. Made it home, later that same day
Started reading a comic, and suddenly everything became gray
I couldn't even see what I was tryin to read
I went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed
My mother started screamin, "What are you on, drugs?!?
Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug!" (Sorry!)
She beat me over the head with the remote control
opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull
I picked it up and screamed, "Look bitch, what have you done?!?"
[M] "Oh my God, I'm sorry son"
[E] "Shut up you cunt!" I said, "Fuck it!"
Took it and stuck it back up in my head
then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Brain damage..
It's brain damage..
I got brain damage..
It's brain damage..
It's probably brain damage..
It's brain damage..
Brain damage..
I got brain damage..



Life by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
Put in front of your optical to slow you down
And every time you think you've gotten past it
It's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they're really your enemies, with secret identities
And disguises, to hide their true colors
So just when you think you're close enough to be brothers
They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
Swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin' shit and dartin' off
I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour
Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off
I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
For this jerk breathing down my neck driving me berserk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of workin' at Builder's Square
Tired of not being a millionaire

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work
In the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
Saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of JLB saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I supposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin'?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see
Know what I'm sayin'? Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player-hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'
But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?
Just fed up
That's my word



Just the two of us.. [8X]

[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Just the two of us.. [4X]

[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby



[Zoe on telephone]
Justin? 
It's Zoe um 
Kelly did not have me call however I just listened to Eminem in her car and 
It is the most DISGUSTING, thing I have ever heard in my entire life 
And I seriously wanna call his fucking agent 
And tell him how FUCKING disgusting he is 
It like makes me upset
I'm now nauseous and I can't eat lunch
Goodbye



Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me
Mic check one two, we recording?

I'm cancerous so when I diss you wouldn't want to answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I strangle you to death then I choke you again
And break your fucking legs
'Til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me, I'mma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown, âcause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono (oh no!)
So if I said I never did drugs, that would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does
Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet (bitch!)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads (Fuck you!)
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill
Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D.
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?

Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must have been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed them both and smeared blood in a white Bronco
My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped
I'm running out the morgue with your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm about as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother, are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
Will someone please explain to my brain that I just severed a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high or I'm nuts
Cause if you ain't tilting this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass, then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it and dubbed over it

I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I've been with 10 women who got HIV
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably want to grow up to be just like me



[group singing slowly]

I never meant to...
Give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to...
Bring you to my world

And now you're lying
The corner cry-y-y-iiiiing
(wooh! yeah!)



I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe
With half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
With first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan an ex-heroin addict who just stopped using
Who love booze and alternative music. What's up
Told me she was going back into using again
I said wait first try this hallucinogen
It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze and the gin
Come here let's go in here
Who's in the den?
(It's me and Kelly)
My bad, sorry!
Let's try another room
"I don't trust you"
Shut up slut chew up this mushroom
This'll help you get in touch with your roots
We'll get bare-foot butt-naked and run in the woods
"Oh hell might as well try 'em this party is so drag."
Oh dang I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag!
(huh)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
I'm sorry!

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

"Yo Sue!"
Get away from me, I don't know you
Oh shoot, she's tripping
I need to go puke! (Bleahh!)
I wasn't trying to turn this into something major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature
Susan stop crying I don't hate ya
The world's not against you
I'm sorry your father raped ya
So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth
That ain't no reason to start wigging and spaz out
She said "Help me I think I'm having a seizure!"
I said "I'm high too, bitch. Quit grabbing my T-shirt (let go!)
Would you calm down you're starting to scare me
She said "I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married
I don't even have any kids and I can't cook"
Hello
I'm over here Sue, hi, you're talking to the plant, look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
'Cause I never seen no one eat as many 'shrooms as you ate

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
"Whoops!"
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
"It's an accident!"

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

Susan (wait!) Where you going? You better be careful
Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of getting my hair pulled
I'm not your dad, quit trying to swallow your tongue
Want some gum?
Put down the scissors, 'fore you do something dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these
(I'mma kill him!)
"John, where's Dave at before I bash you?"
He's in the bathroom; I think he's taking a crap dude!
"Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talking to plants
Chopping her hair off
And there's only two days left of Spring Break
How long do these things take to wear off?"
Well it depends on how many you had?
I took three she ate the other twenty-two caps
Now she's upstairs crying out her eyeballs
Drinking Lysol
"She's gonna die dude."
I know and it's my fault!
My god!

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
"I'm sorry!"
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
"What do I do?"

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

My God, I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up!
Please! Please wake up! What are you doing?!
You're not dead! You're not dead!
I know you're not dead!
Wake up
Susan wake up
Oh my god



[Ken Kaniff] 
Call this motherfucker [dial tone]
Ohh fuck yeah
Give 'im a piece of my mind....
A piece of my ass

[Operator]
Thanks for waiting
This is [sound dipped]
May I help you?

[Ken Kaniff]
Oh thank you
I need to make a collect call

[Operator]
What number?

[Ken Kaniff]
Ohhh
The number's [sound dipped] 62 [sound dipped]

[Automated Operator]
At the tone, please say your name (beep)

[Ken Kaniff]
Kennith Kaniff....from Connecticut
Automated piece of shit

[phone rings, man answers - presumably supposed to be Eminem]

[Man] Yo
[Ken Kaniff] Hey there cockboy
[Man] Who's this?
[Ken Kaniff] This is Ken Kannif
[Man] Who?
[Ken Kaniff] Ken Kannif from Connecticut, ya little bitch
[Man] From Connecticut?
[Ken Kaniff] Yean you wanna get a...
[Man] I don't know nobody in Connecticut
[Ken Kaniff] You wanna get a hotel room with me?
[Man] A hotel room?
[Ken Kaniff] Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, EMINEM!?
[Man] Ha.. Yo, wh, who is this? Cage?
[Ken Kaniff] Hey, pa ha..
You want me ta fuckin melt in your mouth and not in your hand? 
Melt in your ass, ya little cockboy
[Man] He k-k-k-k
Yo shut up you little bitch
[Ken Kaniff] Oh you think I'm lyin huh?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha



[Girl]
Hmm-hmm-hmhmhmmhm.. ahhh, whooooo!! Shit
[Em]
Yo, mic check
Testing one, two, um... twelve
(whattup whattup whattup.. Outsidaz)
[Em]
This is my dance song (Outsidaz)
Can you hear me?
(Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee)
[Em]
Aight, ay turn my headphones up
(bust it bust it)

[Eminem]
My favoite color is red, like the blood shed
from Kurt Cobain's head, when he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin at my shishkabob
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve
(I can't stand white people!)
You thought I was livid, now I'm even more so
Shit I got full blown AIDS and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe {*wolf whistle*}
I'm in the fourth row, signin autographs at your show
(Yo can you sign this right here?)
I just remembered that I'm absent minded
Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
I'm freestylin every verse that I spit
cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (umm, one two)
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
and gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
Put my LP on your Christmas gift list
You wanna get high, here bitch just sniff this

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [8X]

[Eminem]
Yo.. yo yo yo yo
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck
and I was wavin it at everybody screamin, "I suck" (I SUCK!!!)
I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd
and yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now"
Fuck rap, I'm givin it up y'all, I'm sorry
(But Eminem this is your record release party!)
I'm bored out of my gourd -- so I took a hammer 
and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford
Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard
who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (I ain't got it all)
One Excederin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage
(ohhhhhhh) And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [8X]

[Eminem]
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin Beastie Boy {*wolf whistle*}
So I told em I was Mike D
They was like, "Gee I don't know, he might be!"
I told em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert
I'll be standin by the Loch Ness Monster (okay) peace out (bye!!)"
Then I jetted to the weed house
Smoked out til I started bustin freestyles
Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick (*slurping*}
Made a couple of crank calls collect [*brrrrrrring, click*]
"Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?"
I wanna make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember when I bomb your set
Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [20X]



[Intro: Frogg]
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clapping 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is what you thought it wasn't
It beez the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G [coughing in background]
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

[Verse One: Eminem]
Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzing, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we coming out in the open
I'm doing acid, crack, smack, coke and smoking dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm coming out swinging, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the pudding, just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman

[Chorus:]
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screaming "Fuck the World" like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talking that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Telling your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!

[Verse Two: Eminem]
I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone
I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing
Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snorting, supporting abortion
Pathological liar, blowing shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Eminem]
Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shooting up while this record is spinning
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck dropping the jewel, I'm flipping the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfucking style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes
In school I never said much, too busy having a headrush
Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again
I'm going up over the curb, driving on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

[Chorus]

[Outro: Eminem]
Shit, fuck everything...
Outsiders, Pace One, Young Zee.
Fuck the entire world...



[sounds like a TV soap opera]

[Roger] Skylar Montgomery?
[Skylar] What do you want from me Roger?
[Roger] I know it was you all along messing around with my dear Veronica!
[Skylar] Wait a minute, you hold it right there. 
Me and that woman love each other
[Roger] Love!? 
What do you know of love?
[Skylar] We were destined to be together
I met her on the beach!
[Roger] Are you out to destroy me?
[Skylar] No Roger. That's not what I want to do
I love her! And were going to be together
[Roger] Never!



[Chorus: Repeat 2X]
I don't know why this world keep turning
Round and Round
But I wish it would stop, and let me off right now

Yes man
As the World Turns
We all experience things in life
Trials and Tribulations
That we all must go through
When someone wants to test us
When someone tries our patience

[Eminem]
I hang with a bunch of hippies
and wacky tobacco planters
Who swallow lit roaches
and light up like jack-o-lanterns
Outsiders baby, and we suing the courts
Cause we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source
They never should've booted me out of reform school
Deformed fool,taking a shit in a warm pool
They threw me out the Ramada Inn
I said it wasn't me, I got a twin (Oh my god its you! Not again!)
It all started when my mother took my bike away
Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave
After that, It was straight to the 40 ouncers
Slappin teachers, and jacking off in front of my counselors
Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman
Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessing
And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead,
He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed
May be true, till I told this bitch in gym class
That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed Slim Fast (Who Me?)
Yeah bitch you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig
She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig
I felt the evilness and started transforming (RARRRR!)
It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming
Grabbed that bitch by her hair
Drag her across the ground
And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down
Sorry coach, its too late to tell me stop
While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop

[Chorus]

As the World Turns
These are the days of our lives
These are the things that we must go through
Day by day

[Eminem]
We drive around in million dollar sports cars
While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
Outsiders, and we suing the courts
Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source
Hypochondriac, hanging out at the laundromat
Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at
Dressed like a sailor, standing by a pale of garbage
Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch
I met a slut and said "What up, its nice to meet ya"
I'd like to treat ya to a Faygo and a slice of pizza
But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month
But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt
But I ain't got no weed, no phillies, or no papers
Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
So gimme all your money
And don't try nothing funny
Cause you know your stinking ass is too fat to try to outrun me
I went to grab my gun
That's when her ass put it on me
Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry
I fell through the glass doors
Started causing a scene
Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washing machine
Jumped up with a broken back
Thank god I was smocking crack all day
And doped up off coke and smack
All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
Now I wanna kill her
But so I gotta catch her first
Ran through Rally's parkin lot and took a shortcut
Saw the house she ran up in
And shot her fucking porch up
Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
Looked around the room
That's when I seen the bedroom door shut
I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked!
You might as well come out now
She said "Come in, its unlocked!"
I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne
And seen her spread across the bed naked watching gay porn
She said "Come her big boy, lets get acquainted"
I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it
She came at me at full speed, nothing could stop her
I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her
I started to beg "No, please let go"
But she swallowed my fucking leg whole like an egg roll
With one leg left, now I'm hoppin around crippled
I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple
Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick
Den Den Den Den Den Den, Go go gadget dick!
Whipped that shit out, and ain't no doubt about it
It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage
I shouted "Now bitch, lets see who gets the best!"
Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death (Ah!! Ah!)
Come here bitch!
Come here!
Take this motherfucking dick!
Bitch, come here!

[Chorus to fade]

And as we go along
Throughout the days of our lives
We all face small obstacles and challenges everyday
That we must go through
These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere
Every day
Every single day the world keeps turning



[Eminem]
Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (huh?)
Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!)
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(I'm Slim Shady..) so come and kill me while my name's hot
And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!)
I think I got a generation brainwashed
to pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhh-oh)
Stop they blood flow until they veins clot
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch
Purple haze and acid raindrops
Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp)
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop
You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you
So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!

[Eminem]
I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh huh)
I like birds, bees, I like people
I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful (hehehe)
like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!)
The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike
while I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like
cause this is how I am in real life (mm-hmm)
I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice (uh-huh)
How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat
when they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet (Huh?)
So bring the money by tonight - cause your wife 
said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!)
I try to keep it positive and play it cool
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!)
Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!

[Eminem]
Yo.. I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it 
(Aww that shit is wack!)
Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit 
(What?? That's my shit!)
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh)
But they love it when you make your business public
so fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh)
And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it
cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin when I say it
-- Well, I do take pills, don't do speed
Don't do crack (uh-uhh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uh-huh)
Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup)
I just wanna make a few things clear
My baby mama's not dead (uh-uhh) she's still alive and bitchin (yup)
And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin
It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested
I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha, ha! Ha hah, hah..) I told you I was Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha, hah-ha! Ha hah, hah-ha, hah-ha, hah-ha)
Y'all didn't wanna believe me!
I'm Shady!!
.. And that's my name



[Intro - Cowboy (Jeff Bass):]
I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know, there's a story behind that there saloon
Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop 'em
Quickest damn gun-slingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold-blood
That old saloon there was their little "home away from home"
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night
You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce da 5'9"

[Eminem:]
I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph
And a noise is spread, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head
Trap him in his room, possess him and hoist his bed
Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead
I asked him to come to the dark side
He made a choice and said...

[Royce:]
Who hard? Yo I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic whose mental capacity holds
That of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kissed the cheek of the Devil
Intelligence level is hellier than treble peaking on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal, I'm not a fair man
Disgraced the race of an atheist
Intercepting missiles with my bare hands like a patriot
One track sliced without swords
I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life when the black knight mounted the white horse
And stay over-worked, it's like the Nazis and the Nation
Collaborating attempting to take over the Earth

[Eminem:]
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Above the law cause I don't agree with police either (Shit, me neither)
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me with the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three lethal amounts
While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle
Releasing rage on anybody in squeezing range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain
(He's insane)
No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off
Cause I can't find a decent vein

[Royce:]
The disaster with dreads
I'm bad enough to commit suicide
And survive long enough to kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger, it's funny, actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
Cause I serve any stranger with money
I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains
While slipping bullets at point-blank range like they was punches
Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral
Service lobby and strangle your body to confirm it
Whipping human ass, throwing blows, cracking jaws
With my fists wrapped in gauze, dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazing MCs, at the same time amazing MCs
Somehow, MCs ain't that eyebrow-raising to me
From all of angles of us, flash a Mack loud enough
To cast a avalanche and bust till volcanoes erupt

[Interlude:]
[phone rings]
Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you)
STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!!

[Eminem:]
I used to be a loudmouth, remember me?
I'm the one who burned your house down, well I'm out now
And this time I'm coming back to blow your house up
And I ain't gon' leave you a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm getting ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe

[Royce and Eminem:]
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel
(We'll be waiting) See you in hell
Wall Street, Royce Da 5'9", Slim Shady
See you in hell for the sequel (bye-bye)
Bad Meets Evil, what ('til next time)

[Cowboy:]
And so that's the story when Bad meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back coming out of that old saloon
But their spirits still live on till this day
Shhh...[spits] wait, did y'all hear that?
[Footsteps and windblowing]



[Eminem]
A lot of people ask me.. am I afraid of death..
Hell yeah I'm afraid of death
I don't want to die yet
A lot of people think.. that I worship the devil..
that I do all types of.. retarded shit
Look, I can't change the way I think
And I can't change the way I am
But if I offended you? Good
Cause I still don't give a fuck

I'm zonin off of one joint, stoppin a limo
Hopped in the window, shoppin a demo at gunpoint
A lyricist without a clue, what year is this?
Fuck a needle, here's a sword, bodypierce with this
Livin amuk, never givin a fuck
Gimme the keys I'm drunk, and I've never driven a truck
But I smoke dope in a cab
I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab
Come back the next week and re-open your scab (YEAH!)
A killer instinct runs in the blood
Emptyin full clips and buryin guns in the mud
I've calmed down now -- I was heavy once into drugs
I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz
My brain's gone, my soul's worn and my spirit is torn
The rest of my body's still bein operated on
I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin this rhyme
Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin this time

[Chorus:]

For all the weed that I've smoked - yo this blunt's for you
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
To all the friends I used to have - yo I miss my past
But the rest of you assholes can KISS MY ASS
For all the drugs that I've done - yo I'm still gon' do
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
For everytime I reminisce - yo I miss my past
But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can KISS MY ASS

[Eminem]
I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
And cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue
I'll hang you til you dangle and chain you with both ankles
And pull you apart from both angles
I wanna crush your skull til your brains leaks out of your veins
And bust open like broken water mains
So tell Saddam not to bother with makin another bomb 
Cause I'm crushin the whole world in my palm
Got your girl on my arm and I'm armed with a firearm
So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb
Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on
And the pants to match ("Here momma try em on")
I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives,
a brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives
(Shittin on rappers) Causin hospital accidents
God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again 

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it
Spend a million a track and went over my budget (Ohh shit!)
Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt?
I can't rap anymore - I just murdered the alphabet
Drug sickness got me doin some bugged twitches
I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches
I don't rap to get the women - fuck bitches 
Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes
Never ran with a click - I'm a posse
Kamikaze, strappin a motherfuckin bomb across me
From the second I was born, my momma lost me 
I'm a cross between Manson, Esham and Ozzy
I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place 
My worst day on this earth was my first birthday
Retarded? What did that nurse say? Brain damage?
Fuck, I was born during the earthquake

[Chorus]



Yo.. yo! [Eminem hachs up spit]
Mic check...(My dick!)
Testing...one, two [Eminem hach up spit on mic]
Ffff-fuck...(My dick!) my nuts..

My attitude is worse than N.W.A.'s was
I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people
Who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!)
You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin,
Puffy is good, (Hey!) but Slim Shady is for the children! (Wait!)
I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it
Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like
You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; cause I don't like rap anyway
I'm just tryin to get my porno career started
Every place and event.. (been there, done that)
Shit, dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
[zipper sound] Come on, let's go!
Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters
Lesson one: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
Lesson two: Face em and diss em (Whattup dog?)
Don't give 'em a demo; kidnap 'em (I want you to come with me)
And make em come to your basement and listen
(you're gonna fuckin check this out)
Lesson three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with canibus
And put yours on the owner's table (Here listen!)
Lesson four: Know you heard this before:
"Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!"
Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed? 
Get the whitest A&R you can find
Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
Lesson five: Get a hook-up at jive
Dress up like I.C.P and have them come see you perform live
And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't
Givin you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (Get away from me!)
Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin
Cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like master p (Unnnggggh!)
Got a blowjob from paula jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth
My balls broke both of her collarbones (Oww!)
Told mya this shit was all about me-ah (it's all about me..)
Gave alyssa milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea (You're a dick!)
And all three of my main girls said see-ya
Cause brandy and monica walked in and caught me fuckin aaliyah
(What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin a bath
Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh
White trash -- fuckin your wife in the ass (Oh! Ooh Shady! Oooh!)
While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass

[Chorus]
So if I hurt your self-esteem
And you get dissed too bad (Yo why you diss me?)
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had (A big dick!)
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad! (Nurse! nurse!)
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad

What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play
Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade
In your driveway (What?) and drive away [car peels out]
Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with aids
Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache
You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though
I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (Mooooo!)
Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half
Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed cage with (agent orange)
And wiped my ass with his page in source (Here!)
The demon is here, steamin this year
I rip (mystikal's) voicebox out, scream in his ear (Ahhhhhh!)
It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it
Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it
Yeah I don't think this guy is well.. I'm high as hell
I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail

[Impersonating Method Man]
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin'
Lay your nuts on the dresser
Just your nutsack by itself
And bang them shits with a spiked bat
Cut your neck off and sew your head right back
And leave you like that

You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor
Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than chris-topher
Reeves, I was teething with strep throat
While your mother was breastfeeding
And gave her the flesh-eating disease
I'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees
And walkin through south central l.a., bleedin in jeans
(am I a blood or a crip?) wakin up the next day in breathin machines
Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes
On how you just got smoked, and if you do live
You'll be too scared to tell it, like a biggie and 'pac joke

[Chorus]

I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (Uh-Huh)
That's right, Slim shady (Yup) sway & tech
Sprayin' wreck (Bitch!)
And we don't give a heck (Uh-Uh)
Or a damn.. or a fuck.. or a shit
So suck my motherfuckin dick



This is another public service announcement 
Brought to you in part by Slim Shady 
(Tell 'em I don't give a fuck) 
Slim Shady does not give a fuck what you think 
(Tell 'em to suck it) 

If you don't like it you can suck his fucking cock 
(Tell 'em they kissed my ass) 
Little did you know upon purchasing this album 
You have just kissed his ass! 
(Tell 'em I'm fed up) 

Slim Shady is fed up with your shit 
And he's going to kill you 
(Yeah) 
Uh, anything else? 

Yeah, sue me!



When I was just a little baby boy,
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
She used to tell me he hated me

But then I got a little bit older
And I realized, she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
'Cause that's just the way she was

They said I can't rap about being broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!

These motherfuckers are thinking I'm playing
Thinking I'm saying the shit 'cause I'm thinking it just to be saying it
Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'mma pull you to this bullet, and put it through you

Shut up slut, you're causing too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut, OK Ma?
"Oh, now he's raping his own mother,
Abusing a whore, snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"

You're goddamn right bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
Vain Vicodin, vrinn vrinn, vrinnn!

Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Dangling from his neck, while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts

Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither â you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me â I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me

I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Bitch I'mma kill you!
Like a murder weapon, I'mma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em

I ain't "acid rap", but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? No!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No! Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again, then, if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumping out of something up on the 10th

Bitch I'mma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times in a tub
But that's normal ain't it Norman?

Serial killer hiding murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in

Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither â you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me

I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Eh-heh, know why I say these things?
'Cause ladies' screams keep creeping in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
This eighty Gs a week to say the same things tweece!

Twice? Whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink?

Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy-thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to out of school

I don't even believe in breathing
I'm leaving air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screaming for me to seep it
OK, I'm ready to go play
I got the machete from O.J.
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache

You faggots keep egging me on
'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop?
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talking to you
You hear me? Answer me!

Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither â you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me â I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me
Bitch I'mma kill you!

You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why not?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you..

I'm just playing, ladies
You know I love you



Em... what's going on, it's Paul...
Umm... Dre gave me a copy of the new album and I just...
[sigh]
Fuck it.



I never knew I..
I never knew I..
Mic check one-two
I never knew I..
Who woulda knew?
I never knew I..
Who'da known?
I never knew I..
Fuck would've thought
I never knew I..
Motherfucker comes out
I never knew I..
and sells a couple of million records
I never knew I..
And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
I never knew I..

[Eminem]
I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I make fight music, for high school kids
I put lives at risk when I drive like this {*tires screech*}
I put wives at risk with a knife like this (AHHH!!)
Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now
I'm in the back seat of your truck, with duct tape stretched out
Ducked the fuck way down, waitin to straight jump out
put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face, what now?
Oh - you want me to watch my mouth, how?
Take my fuckin eyeballs out, and turn em around?
Look - I'll burn your fuckin house down, circle around
and hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burning furniture out
(Oh my God! Oh my God!) I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up
You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked?
[*ewwww*] Fuck that, take drugs, rape sluts
Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up
Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
Quit tryin to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement
(The kids!) But don't blame me when lil' Eric jumps off of the terrace
You shoulda been watchin him - apparently you ain't parents

[Chorus: Eminem]

Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch

[Eminem]
So who's bringin the guns in this country? (Hmm?)
I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in London
And last week, I seen a Schwarzaneggar movie
where he's shootin all sorts of these motherfuckers with a uzi
I sees three little kids, up in the front row,
screamin "Go," with their 17-year-old Uncle
I'm like, "Guidance - ain't they got the same moms and dads
who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?"
And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear
What about the make-up you allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear?
(Hmm?) So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
when his bus driver's screamin at him, fuckin him up worse
("Go sit the fuck down, you little fuckin prick!")
And fuck was the first word I ever learned
up in the third grade, flippin the gym teacher the bird (Look!)
So read up, about how I used to get beat up
peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every 3 months
My life's like kinda what my wife's like (what?)
Fucked up after I beat her fuckin ass every night, Ike
So how much easier would life be
if 19 million motherfuckers grew to be just like me?

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I never knew I.. knew I'd..
have a new house or a new car
A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are
I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I?
Fuck shit ass bitch cunt, shooby-de-doo-wop (what?)
Skibbedy-be-bop, a-Christopher Reeves
Sonny Bono, skis horses and hittin some trees (HEY!)
How many retards'll listen to me
and run up in the school shootin when they're pissed at a
teach-er, her, him, is it you is it them?
"Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again!"
Damn! How much damage can you do with a pen?
Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
if you woulda been, in my shoes, who woulda thought
Slim Shady would be somethin that you woulda bought
that woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
I just said it - I ain't know if you'd do it or not

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
How the fuck was I supposed to know?



[door creaks open]
[background music "What's The Difference" by Dr. Dre]

[Eminem] 'eyyy!
[Steve] Hey Em, what's up?
[Eminem] Steve Berman. What's goin' on, man, how you doin'? 
Good to see you again. What's up?
[Steve] Em, could you come in here and have a seat, please?
[Eminem] Umm, yeah, what's...
[Steve] Vanessa? Shut the door
[Vanessa] Okay [door creaks shut]
[Eminem] So what's up? How's orders looking for the first week?
[Steve] It would be better if you gave me nothing at all
[Eminem] Wh...
[Steve] This album is less than nothing. I can't sell this fucking record
[Eminem] Wha...
[Steve] Do you know what's happening to me out there?
[Eminem] Wh-wha-what's the problem?
[Steve] Violent Ground told me to go fuck myself!
[Eminem] Who's Violent...?
[Steve] Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass! 
Do you know what it feels like 
to be told to have a record shoved up your ass?
[Eminem] But, I...
[Steve] I'm gonna lose my fuckin' job over this 
You know why Dre's record was so successful? 
He's rappin' about big-screen T.V.s, blunts, 40's and bitches. 
You're rappin' about homosexuals and Vicadin
[Eminem] I mean-
[Steve] I can't sell this shit!
[Eminem] What...
[Steve] Either change the record or it's not coming out!
[Eminem] What, I...
[Steve] Now get the fuck out of my office!
[Eminem] What am I supposed...
[Steve] NOW!
[Eminem] Alright man....



Whatever...
Dre, just let it run
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen, aiyyo...

I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this - on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensing these sentences
Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)...
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
Do not come and speak to me (speak to me)...
I don't know you and no,
I don't owe you a motherfucking thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)...
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm lifting you 10 feet (lifting you 10 feet)... in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you (of all you)...
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be it's just me

[Chorus:]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father,
I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content -
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)...
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn)... and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city
Having this happening (this happening)...
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)...
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burning and I have returned

[Chorus:]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is... "
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)...
To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep asking
The same fucking questions (fucking questions)...
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who what when, the where, and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out
'Cause they driving me crazy (driving me crazy)... I can't take it
I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom
Without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad

[Chorus:]
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am



[Eminem]
May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here..

Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door
And started whooping her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwing her over furniture (Ah!)
It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding,
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
[*vocal turntable: chigga chigga chigga*]
"Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who." "Yeah, but he's so cute though!"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse, than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
"We ain't nothing but mammals.." Well, some of us cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes [SLURP]
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
[*EWWW!*] But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes

[Chorus â Eminem (repeat 2x):]
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?

[Eminem]
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records;
Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch, put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee!"
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD [AHHH!]
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you [bzzzt]
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
It just might be the next best thing but not quite me!

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it [*ERR*] I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums
It's funny; 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings
[*HACH*] Or in the parking lot, circling
Screaming "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So, will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

[Chorus 4X]

[Eminem]
Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up



[Spray can being shook up and sprayed several times]

[RBX:]
Remember me? ("Step in, execution")
Remember me? ("I have no remorse")
Remember me? ("I'm 'High Powered'")
Remember me? ("I drop bombs like Hiroshima")

For this one it's the X, you retarded?
Cause I grab the mic and get DOWN, like Syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses, without boundaries
Which qualifies me for the term "universal"
Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not, the one you wanna contest, see
Cause I'll hit yo' ass like the train did that bitch
That got "Banned From TV" - heavyweight hitter
Hit you watch your whole head split up
Loco-is-the-motion, we comin through
Hollow tips is the lead, the .45 threw

[Sticky Fingaz:]
Remember me? ("Throw ya gunz in the air!")
Remember me? ("Slam! Slam!")
Remember me? ("Nigga 'Bacdafucup'")
Remember me? ("Chka-chka-Onyx!")

Niggaz that take no for an answer, get told no
Yeah I been told no but it was more like, "No, no, no!!!"
Life a bitch that'll fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
This vet is ahead of
The shit is all redder, you deader and deader
A medic instead-a the cheddars and credda
Settle vendetta one metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence? NOPE! Never leave a shred-of
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef, nigga? PBBT! You better dead that shit
My name should be "Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit"
Probably sayin, "He ain't a killer", but I'm killin myself
Smoke death, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor
So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you
Got niggaz in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do, cocksuckers? We glock busters
'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm gettin wires niggaz wantin me dead, wantin my head
You think it could be somethin I said? {*echoes*}

[Eminem:]
Remember me? ("I just don't give a fuck!")
Remember me? ("Yeah, fuck you too!")
Remember me? ("I'm low down and I'm shifty!")
Remember me? ("I'm Shady!")

When I go out, I'ma go out shootin
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryin to clear up my fuckin' image
So I promised the fuckin critics
I wouldn't say "fuckin" for six minutes
(*click* Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinkin these crazy thoughts
In my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
("Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?")
Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window
And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen
With M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
FUCK THAT! PBBT! You faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
And re-appear in hell with a can of gas, AND a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you starin at, nigga?)

Don't you remember me?!
Remember me?!!
Remember me??!
REMEMBER ME!!!!



[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back)
I'm back (Slim Shady)

I murder a rhyme, one word at a time
You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better get rid of that 9, it ain't gonna help
What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
I'm waitin' for Hell, like hell, shit, I'm anxious as hell
Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen, I was puttin' shells in a gauge on a shelf
I used to get punked and bullied on my block
'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
I used to give a fuck, now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press
I'm stressed, too much cess, depressed
Too upset, it's just too much mess
I guess I must just blew up quick (yes)
Grew up quick (no) was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say's right
You think of my name now whenever you say hi
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-
-T-E, 'cause MTV was so friendly to me
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me!
Now, is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect?
Read my lips, bitch! What, my mouth isn't workin'?
You hear this finger? Oh, it's upside down
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now

[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
Just to see if he's influenced by me, if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit, he's an innocent victim
And becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe
[Vocal scratches] My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational [vocal scratch "Back is the incredible!"]
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible
It's Ken Kaniff on the Internet
Tryin' to lure your kids with him into bed
It's a sick world we live in these days
"Slim, for pete's sakes, put down Christopher Reeve's legs!"
Geez, you guys are so sensitive
"Slim, it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it"
Mind with no sense in it, fried schizophrenic
Whose eyes get so squinted
I'm blind from smoke in 'em, with my windows tinted
With nine limos rented, doin' lines of coke in 'em
With a bunch of guys hoppin' out, all high and indo scented
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me

[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

I take seven (kids) from (Columbine)
Stand 'em all in line, add an AK-47, a revolver, a 9
A MAC-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
'Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy
As the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing?
Am I the only one who realizes they stink?
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things
'Cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring (AHH)
So I just throw up a middle finger and let it linger
Longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina
'Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
It'd be Jennifer Lopez - and Puffy, you know this
I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck
If this chick was my own mother
I'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
And have a son and a new brother at the same time
And just say that it ain't mine - what's my name?

[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

[Vocal scratching]
Guess who's b-back, back
Gue-gue-guess who's back (Hi mom!)
[Scratch] Guess who's back
[Scratch] Gue [scratch] guess who's back
D-12 [scratch] Guess who's back
Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back
Dr. Dre [scratch] Guess who's back
Back back [scratch] back
[Scratch]
Slim Shady, 2001
I'm blew out from this blunt (sighs) fuck



You know I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody
This year I'm selling records
Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em something
Heh, the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars?
Get the fuck out of here

You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (take shots at me)

Yo, you might see me jogging, you might see me walking
You might see me walking a dead rottweiler dog
With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollering at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barking
(grrrr, ARF ARF) Or leaning out a window, with a cocked shotgun
Driving up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in
Looking for Big's killers, dressing ridiculous
Blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off, 'cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this
Watching all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' popping and wrist watches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin
Starting shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman ("God damnit!")
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
Whose instinct's to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars
All I see is sissies in magazines smiling
Whatever happened to wiling out and being violent?
Whatever happened to catching a good old-fashioned
Passionate ass-whooping and getting your shoes coat and your hat tooken?
New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it.. (hahaha)
Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (hehe)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
And run around screaming, "I don't care, just bite me" (nah nah)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
And call themselves "Clowns" 'cause they look queer
Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay
Claiming Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
(AHHH!) Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow!
Look at y'all running your mouth again
When you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road, South of 10
And I don't need help, from D12, to beat up two females
In make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
"Slim Anus," you damn right, Slim Anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots!

'Cause I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy,
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (you talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
If you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth
Then come take your best shot at me (your best shot at me)

Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
Of this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy,
So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy"
My fuckin bitch mom's suing for ten million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealing
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter your [attorney Fred Gibson's a] faggot!
Talking about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uh!)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fighting and fussing over who wants to invite me to supper
All of a sudden I got 90 some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house
Hey-hey! And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help:
Uh, here â DOUBLE XL, DOUBLE XL
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Ah fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself

You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (take shots at me)

You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (take shots at me)



Yeah, hahahaha...whooooo, shit!
Aight, guess what? I ain't coming in yet...
I'll come in a minute
Ayo...This is my love song...it goes like this

Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark
(fuckin' faggot)
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to mix Hen' with Bacardi Dark
And when it kicks in you can hardly talk

And by the sixth gin you're gon' probably crawl
And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf
And my prediction is you're gon' probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall

And everything's spinning
You're beginnin' to think women
Are swimming in pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes
That bottle of Guinness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches

You have the right to remain violent and start wilin'
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart-eyein' you
Get in your car, start it, and start drivin'
Over the island and cause a 42-car pile-up

Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot
Looking for life on this planet, sir, no sign of it
All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin'
And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it
Let me out of this place
I'm outta place
I'm in outer space
I've just vanished without a trace
I'm going to a pretty place
Now where the flowers grow
I'll be back in an hour or so

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

In third grade, all I used to do
Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubik's cube
17 years later I'm as rude as Jude
Scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs

I've got no game
And every face looks the same
They've got no name
So I don't need game to play

I just say whatever I want to whoever I want
Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want

However I do show some respect to few
This ecstasy's got me standing next to you
Getting sentimental as fuck spillin' guts to you
We just met but I think I'm in love with you

But you're on it too
So you tell me you love me too
Wake up in the morning like
"Yo, what the fuck we do?"
I gotta go bitch
You know I got stuff to do
'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you

But in the long run
These drugs are probably going to catch up sooner or later
But fuck it, I'm on one
So let's enjoy
Let the X destroy your spinal cord
So it's not a straight line no more
'Til we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls
Shit's sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur
Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more
So bye for now
I'm going to try to find some more

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
When you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow you're probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it
And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning?
And what's a little fight?
Tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life
Live it however you wanna
Marijuana is everywhere
Where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're going
âCause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin'
They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignoring
Even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning

But you're young
You've got a lot of drugs to do
Girls to screw
Parties to crash
Sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't
I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't
But I'm all grown up now and upgraded and graduated
Did better drugs and updated
But I've still got a lot of growing up to do
I've still got a whole lot of throwing up to spew

But when it's all said and done I'll be 40
Before I know it with a 40 on the porch telling stories
With a bottle of Jack
Two grandkids in my lap
Babysitting for Hailie while Hailie's out getting smashed

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

Drugs really got a hold of me
Really got a hold of me
'Cause drugs really got a hold of me
They really got a hold of me



Yo what's goin on, this is Drake
And I'ma let you know what you about to witness aight?
This right here, is a Drake, and DJ Smallz collaboration
So I'm from Canada, my mans from down South
You understand the #1 DJ in the South to be exact
You heard that at the VMA's, you heard it wherever he goes
My man Smallz is out there down South
Same time reppin for Toronto, Canada y'knahmean?
So this right here what you 'bout what you listenin to right NOW
is the official, "Southern Smoke: Special Edition"
I call it the "Room For Improvement" mixtape
Cause I'm not perfect, and I bet neither are you if you listenin
so you need to just accept, what's THERE, y'knahmean? But look
You need to just let this play out
from track one, to track whatever however many I put on here
You need to just listen to this because look man
it's the first time, Canadian, down South, my man Smallz
Your boy Drake, you know what it is man
So just, uhh, tune in nigga...



[Drake: Speaking]
Uh Yea Man, Vo, Back Again Like We Never Left Huh
Yea Man, Im Sending This Out To Any Of My Girls Thats Different Man
Anybody Thats Special
You Know I Wanna Be Honest With You Women So Ima Start Off Like This

[Verse: Drake]
Uh Look, I'm Bold From The Get Go
Go By The Title Of Drake
And Treating Me Like The Rest Is A Vital Mistake
I'm Hopin That Aint Nobody Else As Special As You
When I Say I've Been Disappointed Im Addressin A Few
I Finesse Then I Groove
While Most Of The 8 To 9's In My Past
Now Get A Rating Thats Less Than A 2
Its True, I Been Talking To Aleshia, Keisha And Nadia
And Shadia, Had To Throw Peace Signs To A Lot Of Ya's
Payback, To The Same Chicks From Way Back
Never Call, Now They Wanna Be Where I Stays At
Now They Got The New Boy, I'm Trying To Move Forward
And Pass Me, Classy, Something Like Drew Lord
A New Me, Cool, See I Never Get Around
If I Dont Change Now I Dont Think I'll Ever Settle Down
Even If I Gotta Travel A Bit
I'll Go Around The World And Back
Cuz I Know That Once I Have It Thats It And Uh,

[Chorus:]
(Yea Man; Yea)
You Can't Just Love Me Like They Do
(Talk To Em V; I Need Somebody Special In You Girl)
I Need Someone Special In You
(I Know They Out There Somewhere Dude; Ho!)
I Know That Out There Theres A Few
(Put Ya Hands Up Ladies; Yea Man)
See I've Been Searching I Don't What To Do
Can You Help Me?
(Uh)
She Gotta Be Special
(Yea; You Gotta Hold Me Down Baby)
By That I Mean That You Gon Hold Me Down
(Uh)
You Gotta Be Special
(Yea; You Never Know Right?)
Cuz You Never Know How People Stick Around
(Uh)
Gotta Be Special

[Verse 2: Drake]
A Girl I Can Love That Sees Nothing Wrong With Getting Used To Me
Yea My Name Aint Change But I'm Far From The Man That I Used To Be
Since A Young Dude The Flow Was Nasty Acidic
Ever Since The Demo Dog [?]
And Groupies Are Gettin Brave
Now They Ask Me For [?]
Rappers, I Write Em A Verse
And Ask Me To Spit It
But I Pay No Mind Though
Cuz They Know I Know
Hard As These Niggas Working Man
They Wont Sign So
Drake And Vo Back
I Take It You Know That
You Take It Sitting Down
Or You Can Take It To Gold Black
And Since Drake Done Took It From Curls To Waves
Its Been Kind Of Like A Whirlwind Phase
I Mean I Had My Share Of Women
Now A Nigga Gettin Girls For Days
With Most Of Em Its Seemin Like They World Is Staged
But From Georgia To Bk And All Around The World
Get Your Hands In The Air If Your Avoiding The Cliche
If You've Been Hurt And You Alone Be Steady
These The Same Dudes From Rewind, Grown And Ready, And Uh

[Chorus:]
(Yea; Uh)
You Can Just Love Me Like They Do
(Vo We Back Man; Its A Beautiful Thing Dog)
I Need Someone Special In You
(Uh; Im Looking For Somebody Special Man I'm Serious; Ho!)
I Know That Out There, Theres A Few
(I Know That They Out There Man)
See I've Been Searching, I Dont Know What To Do
(Ho! You Gotta Help Me Man)
Can You Help Me?
(Uh)
Special
(Uh; Yea; I Need You To Hold Me Down Babe)
By That I Mean That You Gon Hold Me Down
(Uh)
Gotta Be Special
(Yea; You Never Really Know Right?)
Cuz You Never Know How People Stick Around
Special

[Verse 3: Drake]
A Girl I Can Love That Sees Nothing Wrong With Getting Used To Me
Yea My Name Aint Change But I'm Far From The Man That I Used To Be
Look Theres Requirements To Be An Admirer
Still The New Version Of Fresh Needa A Nia Or Tyra
So We Can Be Jenny And Swayze
I Told You I'm Careful With My Heart Girl, Many Have Played Me
Or Maybe Its Karma
They Say Is A Charmer
Halfway To A Night So I Stay In A Armor
I'm Fire On The Move
A Tire Looking Smooth
I'm Not Perfect But I Got A Desire To Improve
I'm Special
Like Kids In A Graduating Class
Having More Trouble Than Others When Addin Basic Math
Need You To Be Special Like Areba To Cootmore
Double O, Top Secret Agents With Suits On
Something So Deep It Da Drown Me
Friends Are Some Cool Dudes
I Vouch For The People Around Me
On Your End Its Simple
All You Have To Do
Is Give Me No Reason For Other Lovers After You And Uh

[Chorus:]
(Yep; Ho!; Were Makin History Right Now Man)
You Can't Just Love Me Like They Do
(Yea; And You A Legend For Real, Ima Give You That Man)
I Need Someone Special In You
(Uh; Yea; I Know They Out There Man)
I Know That Out There Theres A Few
(Ho!; Yeal Uh)
See I've Been Searching I Don't What To Do
(You Gotta Help Me Baby)
Can You Help Me?
Special
(All Around The World)
By That I Mean That You Gon Hold Me Down
(From La To Va)
Special
(Memphis Tennessee Whats Goin On)
Cuz You Never Know How People Stick Around
Gotta Be Special
A Girl I Can Love That Sees Nothing Wrong With Getting Used To Me
Yea My Name Aint Change But I'm Far From The Man That I Used To Be

[Outro:]
Vo And D-R-A-K-E
We Them Boys That You Came To See (So Get Busy Ya)
Yep We Take It To The Same Degree
So Let Loose Since You Came With Me (Get Busy Ya)
Vo, D-R-A-K-E
We Them Boys Came To See (Get Busy Ya)
Ya We Take It To The Same Degree
So Let Loose Cuz You Came (Get Busy Ya)



[Hook:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[Verse 1:]
Getting down tonight if they say you cuttin'
A lot of rappers in my city, they ain't saying nothin'
A lot of records from here they get no play
And these labels don't give advances so you get no pay
Them little rims on the ride, I'mma let those stay
So these nosy niggas won't know that I get checks all day
'Whats he worth?' Fans keep trying on guessing
My record ain't even finish, they keep trying to press it
Boi-1da and Drake if there's beef I address it
And the black Phantom is here soon as we find our exit
Both of the deals, nothing under a mill
We know you got it to give and we trying to collect it
Long as I got me some heat through the winter
Drake known as a pro, I'mma teach you beginners
Bout to ink with a major like sheets through a printer
For features ya'll better get me while its cheaper than dinner
Cause me and 1da trying to get at your girl
If you see her tell this nigga got some beats I'mma sell her

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2:]
Check, the verses I'm writing you might wanna learn it
You hatin my song but your wife wanna burn it
So now you at the store for some blank CDs
You can't see me, for your sake might wanna return it
Cause, if you bring them discs home to ya girl, she'll forget you
And I'll be the only one she concerned with
To the people that ignored me before this
This one is for you as a song re-recorded
Funny thing is, you just notice me now
But I was here along your vision's just been distorted
I'm so throwed, [?] and I write a sixteen and record it
The waiting is over I think music need it
Drake cuttin his records without gettin weeded
People in the South want it chopped and screwed, I got this dude
They expectations I'mma exceed it
Like a singer with only backgrounds ya'll record it
When it's done ya lyrics tend to mislead shit
Finally here I'mma star with the timing
My swagger is chill, and my flow is reclining
This for anybody that's searchin for cash
And purchase so fast, you only get the dough when you grindin
And so I grind like I'm listening to all Wayne
My pain, you can experience through the rhyming, boy

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3:]
Two years ago, a friend of mine
Asked me to kick some new school lines
And so I sent him a rhyme, it was fresh to death
Now not signing me is something that the rest regret
Then I, hopped inside the Cadillac
The chauffeur drove off and we never came back

[Hook]



[TALKING:]
Southern Smoke {echo}
It's Southern Smoke baby!
(Money) Frank [?]
(Money) My man Nickelus F
(Money) Ho! It's Drake. Southern Smoke
(Money) This is the remix right here
(Money) So if you got some (Money)
Put ya hands in the air
(Money) Southern Smoke

[Verse 1:]
Now-a-days you sayin' that I should go Jermaine, I should go Pharrell
Either or my nigga, make sure you don't get shelled
(Right) Make sure your money's right and they do a promotion well
So you could get checks cut like Benedict in Ocean's Twelve
This ain't Brad Pitt, I gotta admit
I'm sick of seeing chicks in that Louis V and that Plaid shit, cause it's a bad fit
They say my father lives through me, so this is just basically how my dad spit
I know my cash come quick when it's sunny
You know a girl is special if I stick with her honey
If it wasn't for dummies chick would still have money
And if it wasn't for money Nick would still have Skummy
So, guess it's kinda like a gift and a curse
To jip money is easier than liftin' a purse
If you pick the wrong mother who'll snatch you, run for cover
A week later you might find ya click in a hearse, boy!

[Chorus:]
I, take time arrange that (Money)
Some, kill just to claim that (Money)
Switch countries exchange that (Money)
You cannot get jack for freeee

And my, proceeds and cash right (Money)
There's, no need to stash right (Money)
Got the same, 4 g's from last night (Money)
You cannot take that from meeeee, homie

[Verse 2: Nickelus F]

[Chorus]
I, take time arrange that (Money)
Some, kill just to claim that (Money)
Switch countries exchange that (Money)
You cannot get jack for freeee

And my, proceeds and cash right
There's, no need to stash right
Got the same, 4 g's from last night
You cannot take that from meeeee, homie



[NICKELUS F:]
Yo I wake up every morning, shower, gather my belongings
Yo I wake up every morning, shower, gather my belongings
Head to works, I get some breakfast 'cause, still a nigga yawning
From the night before, at the club I was up I'm tryna live
Only twenty two my nig, 'bout to be twenty three ya dig?

Yo I wake up every morning, shower, gather my belongings
Head to works, I get some breakfast 'cause, still a nigga yawning
From the night before, at the club I was up I'm tryna live
Only twenty two my nig, 'bout to be twenty three ya dig?
Time don't wait for none of us that's why I gotta chase my dreams
Make my momma proud so she can show off all her pearly teeth
And be half the man my dad was, I thank God he was in my life
I realize how many [?]
Either I, need to make this music work or move from the Earth
I'm preachin' fire, need a choir, 'bout to take you all to church
My congregation bombed the nation with this HIP HOP
We in the race to fame, blowin' pass the PIT STOPS
I heard the prize was some chicks and a WRIST WATCH
And all you gotta do is go to jail or GET SHOT
Yeah Nick cop but he ain't never get popped
How we gonna get pop fans? Give 'em a quick shot
Now I get ya chick hot with my wrist watch
Yeah shorty drip drop when it tick tock
It's kinda sick huh? Ay Jay, put it in the heart of Pickering
And tell them niggas this is NICK'S SPOT
They don't keep it fresh enough I got it zip locked
Saran wrap, anthrax, it make ya sick huh
I'm hot as fire wanna put me out with piss huh
[?]

[CHORUS:]
It ain't as easy as it looks, we go through some shit
You cut us a check, then we go through some hits
Then you show us respect, then we'll say you legit
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM

I'm tryna get that cash, then watch how tall it grows
Soon as we get the ass, we start callin' 'em hos
The concept you don't grasp, I'm guessin' you too old
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM

[DRAKE:]
Ayo I stay up every evening, write that shit that they believe in
DJs run it, they approach me, and it's praise I be receiving
From the night befo', at the club, fake I.D. my record spins
Got me dancin' right outside since these niggas won't let me in
Well guess again, slip around the back and get it crackin'
And all the bottles wrapped in cellophane [?]
Hundred grand, Nickle F, that nigga's the next to win
Virgina go rep for him, and Memphis represent for me
To the tenth 10 degree, Tennekey, T Dot to the country ya'll
Orangemen and White Haven, an back up north to Montreal
I ain't ashamed, my city ain't on the map
[?] Light that fire, realize they ain't born to rap
[?] Pass the torch and sell they soul [?]
Maybe they can bring they career back
But these niggas right here ain't tryna hear that
Cause I'm on set, make it work, break even on 9 to 5's
Cigarettes and lotto tickets, tryna keep that grind alive
All my uncles, they hit the casino when they get they check
My cousins, they paint they [?] to get respect
This can't be life, dominoes and [?] dro and twenty stacks
[?]
[?]
Rest In Peace to SKUMMY this reality not funny rap!
You think it's funny till these youngings suck a bunny
Pull the jack rabbit out and get to screamin' where the money at?!

[CHORUS:]
It ain't as easy as it looks, we go through some shit
You cut us a check, then we go through some hits
Then you show us respect, then we'll say you legit
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM

I'm tryna get that cash, then watch how tall it grows
Soon as we get the ass, we start callin' 'em hos
The concept you don't grasp, I'm guessin' you too old
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM



[VERSE 1]
This the record that my backpack underground fans get to get to skippin
Back back, Southern town fans get to tippin
Chasin fat stacks, runnin down grands and submission
I don't back track, every single sound for me different
I don't own no ice, just got clean rap
Don't ever two step, I just rock, lean, snap
We could take it out to Houston where the rides all glossed up
Anybody I'm standin beside's all bossed up
Burgular ? they say I'm servin them rhymers
And me and Nickel F go together like burgers and diners, yes
I'm like a waiter and you something like a hater
With trays in both hands, place an order I can cater uh
I got the diamonds in my teeth flow
Memphis is the reason that my rhyming and my *chopped voice* speech slow
Peep though, I only got pity for you lames
Sitting pretty in the game, in the city that I claim

[CHORUS]
Yo, the city is mine (which one?)
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up, range rove, yo chick, wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna 
Shake shake it, drop it drop it, bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!
Shake shake it, drop it drop it, bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!

[VERSE 2]
Break it down like you working for your tuition at Howard
Mama, get it how you live, that thang that you working is power
Tryna be generous, so honey here's a tip
Now-a-days it's gettin cheaper to put 20's on the whip
So if you a opportunist look for 20's in the clip
And if you find 'em attractive and funny, that's when you dip, dip
And it's a trip, my city broke into sections
Up North I got me a couple of troubles, couple connections
And it's nothing that I created on purpose, there's people that gotta problem
But they scared to let it surface, uh
Ya boy say this, that, and the third to 'em
See me out and they never utter a word to 'em
Expect me not to draw a card from the deck
Anybody in my city going hard I respect but,
You gotta debt and you choose not to pay that
Imma hop ya fence, come into your yard and collect, lect uh
It ain't a problem of concern bruh, I always end up with exactly what I earn bruh
This ain't last year, money like a cashier, so hand your receipt if you tryna make a return bruh
Yessir, I live in a city where a lot of people don't get shine, shine
And, I be on by the fence as soon as anybody stepping out of line, line
And I got way too much love, for the city I can never get too much of
And if anybody hatin on me, I deport 'em, the city is mine boy

[CHORUS]
Yo, the city is mine (which one?)
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up, range rove, yo chick, wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna 
Shake shake it, drop it drop it, bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!
Shake shake it, drop it drop it, bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!

Break it down, break it break it down
Break it down, break it break it down
Break it down, break it break it down
Break it down, break it break it down
Break it down



[Slakah:]
Lady, You Say I Stay In The House Til Four
We Dont Even Go Out No More
Its Always The Same Eh
Always Complainin
Its Obvious Baby
I Guess You Dont Watch The News
You See Theres A Lot To Lose
Cuz We Got A Baby
And People Are Shady

[Bridge: Drake]
My Generation Is Changin
Aside From The Fact
The Dealers Have Customers They Provide With The Crack
Front Of The Buses Taken
And We Denied From The Back
You Can Die Where From, Or Die Where You At

[Drake Chorus]
Don't Put It Past Them
I Dont Think That They Understood
My Friends They Dont Even Sit In The Class When They Should
He Can Come Pick You Up
If Your Dads In The Hood
Not Bad Meaning Bad, But Bad Meaning Good Good Good

[Slakah:]
Lady, Somebody Shot Up The Place Right By
Where I Work And I Think They Might
Be Coming For Me Next
Lend Me Ya Kleenex
I'm Tellin You Baby
I Think I'm A Bout To Cry
Still Gotta Go Out Tonight
Cuz I Gotta Feed You
I Hope That I See You Again... Again
Hope That I See You, See You

[Chorus: Drake]
Don't Put It Past Them
I Dont Think That They Understood
My Friends They Dont Even Sit In The Class When They Should
He Can Come Pick You Up
If Your Dads In The Hood
Not Bad Meaning Bad, But Bad Meaning Good Good Good

[Verse: Drake]
Lately I Dont Know About The Friends That I Hang With
Im Nervous Round My Boys, It Depends On Their Anguish
Depends On If They Saving All The Tops On Pepsi
With Dreams Of Seeing Girls Topless On Jet Skis
Depends On What They Do To Achieve That
Robbing R&B Singers, 'specially If They Know Where The Keys At
'specially If They Know Where They Girl Live
Get The Info, Leave With Ya Money Man, Thats How The World Is

Thats How Niggas Puttin They Dirt Down
Streets Are Seedy I Call Em Sesame... Berkstown
'specially When These Young'ns Get Turned Down For Work Opportunities
Next Week Same Place'll Get Burnt Down
Coincidink? Not Likely Not A Chance
How Can We Be So Aware Of These Problems And Not Advance?
At Least Start Put A Bid In, Its Hard Just To Fit In
A Lot Of People Only Play They Part When They Spittin
But I Dont Think That They Understood
They Using This Darkness For Penetration In The Hood
I Took The Ivory Way In And Yes Im Glad That Keenan Could
Not Bad Meaning Bad, But Bad Meaning Good Good Good

Not Bad Meaning Bad, But Bad Meaning Good
Not Bad Meaning Bad, But Bad Meaning Good Good Good



[Chorus:]
Loves Lost
Loves Gone
Love Lost
Love Is Gone [x2]

[Verse 1: Drake]
Look,
In This World Of Desperate Housewives And Freakin Players
Rappers They Tend To Be Smilin
Because They Swimmin In Women
Most Of Em Sick Of Favors
They Come In Secret Flavors
Thats Why I Envy Omar
Because So Far

And Thats Some Higher Learning
Trying Ta Excel With The Brake On
I'll Have You Stuck In The Same Spot
With The Tires Burnin
And Im A Liar Turnin 19, Jaded With No Faith
In Any Female Thats Askin What I Was Earnin
I Met This Recent Lady
She Knew A Piece Of Sadey By Spinners
I Guess In My Southern Eyes That She Decent Maybe
Well Second Thought If We Have It Then She Can Keep The Baby
Cuz She Aint Give Me The Butterflies That Aleshia Gave Me
Its Like Im Using Some Bread To Sop Up Some Decent Gravy
Now Im Out Of Both And I've Been Thinkin Of Aleshia Lately
Im All Alone, I Got A Feelin Its On
Cuz Nowadays Most Of The Thrill Of Chillin Is Gone And Uh

[Chorus:]
Loves Lost
Loves Gone
Love Lost
Love Is Gone

[Verse 2: Drake]
Some Dudes They Turn Purple With Hurt Faces
Circling Workplaces
And Following Girls On The Assumptions Of What The Worst Case Is
They Get To First Bases
Then They Get To Retreating Cuz If She Cheatin
He Wanna Know What The First Trace Is
Now You Like Macgyver
Cuz You Sneakin Around
And She Dont Know That You There When You Standin Right Beside Her
I Cant Relate To That
I Had To Take It Back A Couple A Years
When Some Of The Best Kicked It With Drake In Fact

I Bet That They Knew It Cuz In My Mind I Play Through It
With [?] And They Lewis And A Couple Things That They True In
And In The End I Listen But I Dont See Me As They Do
Cuz Its My Opinion, My Life, My Potentials For My Wife
And I Used To Be Eager To Buy Em The World
Maybe Im Confused About What I Desire From Girls
Either Way Im All Alone, Got A Feelin Its On
Cuz Nowadays Most Of The Thrill Of Just Chillin Is Gone And Uh

[Chorus:]
Loves Lost
Loves Gone
Love Lost
Love Is Gone

[Verse 3: Drake]
Check,
And Nowadays Some Girls Are The Type Of Person That
Will Tell They Friends That They Use Him Which Is Confusin
Since I Aint Made Them A Purchase Yet
But Theres Logic Behind It
Emotions Double And They Try To Cover Up
Like A Mansion With The Projects Behind It
I Tend To Freak With This
I Get A Girl And Pretend That I Love The Spendin
And All She Gave Was A Decent Kiss
Thinkin She Been Spoiled
But Golddiggin Is Nothing When You Can Shovel For Days
And Come Up With Tin Foil

We Could Dissect It See
You Take A Dominique Or Another Freak In The Sheets
And You Picture That She Just Slept With Me For Nothing
Gave Her Nothing
Her Reputations In Jeopardy
Cuz It Aint Take Her 3 Of That Shopping To Get Her Next To Me
Collectively I Look For A Proper Chick That'll Rep For Me
Instead Of Seeing Something She Wants And Callin And Textin Me
For Thinkin That Exists, I Got A Feeling Im Wrong
Nowadays Most Of The Thrill Of Just Chillin Is Gone And Uh

[Chorus:]
Loves Lost
Loves Gone
Love Lost
Love Is Gone



[Chorus:]
Look,
If You A Girl With The Aspirations
Of Being In The Background Witcha Asses Shakin
Hittin Clubs And Skippin Out On The Class You Takin
I Ask You To Have Some Patience
(You're Worth So Much More)
To My Dudes At The Bar With A Freak And
Steady Lightin Cigars At The Parties They Sneak In
And Look Forward To Being A Star On The Weekend
Ya Are Part Of The Speech Coz

[Verse 1: Drake]
Im From The City Where People Be Gettin Lazy
Litterin In The Streets
And The Club District Is Poppin Like Literally Every Week
And Promoters'll Push Flyers
Money Exchange Hands
Liars Sell You They Dreams
And Dummies Exchange Plans
Hustlers Give You Events
Bouncers Give You Pass
Directors Give Em A Shot
So Girls'll Give Up The Ass

And Groupies That Would Flock To Hometown Athletes
And Start Rolling Together Like Snoopy And Woodstock
Daffy And Bugs, Its All Laughing And Hugs
Til The Dude Catch A Plane
And She Back Where She Was
Right Back On The Bus
Its Ashame Cuz Now At His Rental
She Throwin Bricks Like Shaq In The Clutch
You Can See Thats Shes Colder
Cuz He Doesnt Hold Her
Fall Flat On The Ground Trying Ta Lean On His Shoulder
Know That He Tried Ta Told Her
That He Couldnt Mold Her
If This The Type Of Chick You Wanna Be When You Older, I Say

[Chorus:]
If You A Girl With The Aspirations
Of Being In The Background Witcha Asses Shakin
Hittin Clubs And Skippin Out On The Class You Takin
I Ask You To Have Some Patience
(You're Worth So Much More)
To My Dudes At The Bar With A Freak And
Steady Lightin Cigars At The Parties They Sneak In
And Look Forward To Being A Star On The Weekend
Ya Are Part Of The Speech Coz

[Verse 2: Drake]
Now Up North Theres Five Artists Deservin A Listen
And Im One Of Em, The Other Four You Know Who You Are
But If You Gotta Think Through
Chances Are That It Aint You
I Singlehandedly Carry Out What You Cant Do
And See I Take A Couple Of Breathers
And Then Things Come Together On The Spot Like A Couple Thats Eager
If You Wanna Pack A Duffel And Leave Her
Go Ahead, I Couldnt Give Two Damns Like A Couple Of Beavers
But Uh, The In & The Out
[?]
Whenever Im Out In Memphis The Man Seen As Trill
And Every Verse The Man Seem To Kill
You Can Find Him With Black Jays And Socks Like Im Andreena Mill
Japan And Brazil, The Audience Acreaming
And Then You Come Around And All The Fans Seems To Chill
Advances To Deals, Financing Appeals
The Hustles, I Have You Feeling Like You Dancing In Heels And Uh

[Chorus:]
If You A Girl With The Aspirations
Of Being In The Background Witcha Asses Shakin
Hittin Clubs And Skippin Out On The Class You Takin
I Ask You To Have Some Patience
(You're Worth So Much More)
To My Dudes In The Bar With A Freak And
Steady Lightin Cigars In The Parties They Sneak In
And Look Forward To Being A Star On The Weekend
Ya Are Part Of The Speech Coz



[Drake: Talking]
Uh, Yea, Get In My Slick Rick Mode
N'a Mean?, Im A Tell Ya A Story Real Quick

[Verse 1: Drake]
Look,
She Got A Saying Theres No Alice Without The Tin Man
Crib Was 2 Mil, Plus I Just Bought A Couch For Ten Grand
Even If The House Was Ten Grand
And There Was No Pool
Would I Still Be Witout My Swim Fan?
The Ceiling Could Be Higher
She Making Requests
Dont Know If She Feeling Me Or She Be Feelin What I Buy Her
And Purses Are Light Now
She Use Em All The Time
So She Smilin To The The Point That It Hurt When She Bite Down
And She Simply A New Model
Stay Spendin Dollars
But She Got Less Sense Than A Empty Perfume Bottle
At Times She A Solid Chick
And Im A Sucka For The Cuties
So She Always Lookin Good When My Wallets Thick
Chillin On The Linen, She All Up In The Closet So Much
Got A Hunch Thats Shes Feelin Other Women
Want The Diamonds On The Face In The Center
Nice Guys Finish Last So Im Winnin Every Race That I Enter And She A

[Chorus:]
Video Girl
Eh Yo You Have To Listen
Im In A Bad Position
I Fell In Love With A
Video Girl
I Wouldnt Call Her Name
I Got The Feelin That They All The Same

And She A
Video Girl
To The Fullest Extent
So I Wrote You A Song
Cuz I Cant Stay With A
Video Girl
And You Betrayed Your Wealth
Got A Feelin You Shoulda Stayed Yourself

[Verse 2: Drake]
You're All The Same
Look At Vida Guerrera
Theres No Need To Compare Her
I Bet She Smiles Cuz She Loves What She Sees In The Mirror
I Bet Shes Out Meetin Directors Instead
And Frustratrated Cuz Shes Already Been Addressed In They Head
Be A Teacher, Open Up Shop If You Can Do Nails Fine
Apply For A Business Loan And I'll Bet You That They'll Sign
If You A Real Dime
Poppin As If Its Your Only Option
Girl Theres Things To Do
Other Than Jail Time
Look This Aint A Song Dissing Half Of These Rappers
Or Pasha And Sasha, Esther Baxter
Melyssa Ford, Or Katy Or Anyone After
I Just Give My Opinion For Laughter
Or Maybe To Think On
So Next Time You Out At The Club
And A Brother Offers The Whole Table Something To Drink On
You Just Take In Effect He Got A Stack With A Mink On
Now He Got You Doing Everything That You Think Wrong
Look, You Tell Your Parents That Its Cash At An Easy Pace
Ya Dad Screaming Take Ya Ass Outta Jeezy Face
And As Ya Man I Wont Back Down First
But They Got You Doing Soft-Core Background Work
That Messed Up Like An Officer That Pulls You Over
And He Ask Questions Later And Pat Down First
But You Aint Thandie Newton, And This Aint Crash Here
The Resolutions Passed Baby, This Aint Last Year
Look, I Got A Message, I'll Say It
I Got Some Beats Still
Regina Hall And Garcelle And Alice Neal
Young Girls These Here Women With Big Dreams
Role Models That You Can Watch On The Big Screen
If You Refuse To Change And You That Chick Still
Respect Yourself, Dont Be Convinced That These Tricks Will
You Got An Audience Believe It Or Not
My Cousin Who Cant Speak Know The Lyrics To Tip Drill

[Chorus:]
Video Girl
Eh Yo You Have To Listen
Im In A Bad Position
I Fell In Love With A
Video Girl
I Wouldnt Call Her Name
I Got The Feelin That They All The Same
And She A
Video Girl
To The Fullest Extent
So I Wrote You A Song
Cuz I Cant Stay With A
Video Girl
And You Betrayed Your Wealth
Got A Feelin You Shoulda Stayed Yourself

[Drake: Speaking]
And I Aint Trying Ta Generalize Every Video Girl, You N'a Mean?
Say That Ya All One Way Man Its Just That Sometimes Man You Gotta
Accept The Fact That Theres Times That You Gotta Better Yourself
You Know As A Person Man. I Love To See My Black Women Strong, Single,
Independent. Doing They Thing Without Popping They Booty In Some Rappers
Video You N'a Mean? Its A Wonderful Thing Baby. So Uh, Dont Hate Me For
This One Ladies. Just Take My Advice You N'a Mean? Cuz Its Like Uh,
If She Beautiful And Honey Dances
And You Always Downtown Making Money Transfers
And Anything The Color Of Braces She Get Excited
She Always Showing Up At These Places She Get Invited
She A Video Girl



[Talking:]
Yeah, This Dedicated To Canada Man
The Whole Up North
A Lot Of People Don't Realize How Cold It Gets During The Winter
But Listen...

[Verse 1:]
I Met This New Girl Late June Or Early July
I Called Her A Bunch Of Times But She Barely Replied
Now It's December, I'm Driving, And She's Like Where's My Hi?
I Swear, That I Never Called You Cause I Really Get Shy
See That Was A Segue, I Believe The Matter
Is What Happens After The Seaon Where The Leaves Just Scatter
Where The Timb Laces Get Tighter And Parka Hoods Flip Up
Drugs Dealers Standin And They Parka Hoods Slip Up
Where Girls Become Exes From Summer's Caught Ho'in
The Winter Cars Come Out, The Summer Cars Go In
And Some Places Is Breezy, And Some It Start Snow-Ing
And If You Planning Family Vacations You Better Know When
But Some Mothers Scared To Send They Daughters Out The City
Instead She Get A Sweater That She Bought Her Out Of Pity
Cause Mom Stays Up Late, She Seen Them Videos
Where Cancun College Students Pouring Water On Their Titties!

[Talking: Over Chorus]
Yeah Man, It's A Funny Thing Going Through The Winter Up Here Man
A Lot Of Girls Y'know, Wanna Get Close. You Might Think They The One
But Just Wait, Nah Mean, Take It Slow

[Verse 2:]
Forget To Mention, This Girl That Never Gets To The Beach
She Lives Just West Of My Street, And So We Destined To Meet
Since I'm Driving, I Ask Her How To Get The Suite
She Doesn't Answer, Opens The Door And Just Gets In The Seat
She Throws Her Bag In The Back, And Starts Adjusting The Heat
She's Bold But I Roll With It, I'm Impressed Cause She's Sweet
Then She Says "I Heard Your Song And I'm Obsessed With The Beat,
I Mean, The Lyrics Are Good, But I'm Obsessed With The Beat
I Love It When Voyce Sings And The Chorus Is Good,
There's A Couple Things In The Song That I Suggest You Repeat"
Off This I'm Kinda Takin It Back For A Second,
I Get Her Number She Tells Me To Call Her After This Session
And So I Do, And It's Kind Of Awkward, The Surface Hard To Scratch
Until We End Up Sexin And Now My Heart Attached
I'm Thinkin Off I Should've Been More Southern
And Realizing All That She Wanted Was That Indoor Lovin And Ho!

[Talking: Over Chorus]
Yeah, Uh, I Told Ya'll I Had A Story For You Right
Uh, Ya Man, It's What It Is

[Verse 3:]
And Now, I'm Proud To Have Her Like Montreal To The Frizzench
She Love To Play Hurt Like Carter Did On The Bizzench
But, My Boy Say I'm Actin Different, Because I Lay Downtown
And I Still I Rush To Pick Her Up From Work And Fizzench
She Tellin Everyone Imma Hold Here Down
Tell Everyone I'm The Prince Up In This Cold Clear Town
And Stupid Me I Just Listen To Her,
Instead Of Wondering If This Is Really Gon' Last Me The Whole Year Round
But Then Spring Shows Up, And It's Dallas In This Bitch
The Weather Starts To Resemble The Holidays She Missed
When We Were Together It Seeming Like Way Back When
Ball Players Hop On The Plane And Make It Way Back In
See She Used To Play Piana, And Now She Never Wait For Santa
Instead Of Saving For Marriage, She Saving For Carrabanna
And It's A Shame, She Had Me Convinced That She Could've Been A Dime
I Guess, I Lost Another One To The Wintertime

[Voice + (Drake):]
I Miss You, Most Of Aaaallll, Myy Daarling [Beat Fades Out]
(Gimme A Second To Gather My Toughts)
[Fades Back In] Strolling In The Park (Ho!)
And Watching Winter Turn To Spriing (Such A Beautiful Day Man)
(Yeah Man, You Know We Had To Switch It On 'em Right?)
Strolling In The Park, And Watching Winter Turn To Spriing
(I'm Still Standing On Two Feet, Even After This Tragic Loss)
(Man, But I Got Something To Else To Tell Ya Baby)

[Rap:]
I Remember Them Encore Pms, Breakfast And The Wake Up
Now Drake's Committed We Waiting On The Breakup
So We Can Get Back To Them Cognac Nights
With Dress Codes And Light Skinned Girls That Won't Act Right
And I Laugh Cause My Previous Lifestyle Was Quite Wild
The Winter Came And Blew His Cold Air Through
Back Then Light Sweaters And A Couple Drinks Might Get Her,
By The End Of The Week I Would Know That Crew
And We'd Assembled A Trio, A Whole New Scene
With Three Ladies In The Shot We Never Broke Routine
At The End Of Every Cut When The Cameras Are Rollin
We Had Ladie's Hearts Always Gettin Damaged And Stolen
But This Summer Is Different It's A Two Man Operation
Granted The Fact That We One Man Short
Got Love For Him He Can Watch This New Man Stop A Nation
Cause Handin' Them Crack Is A One Man Sport
Instead Of Dress-Up, I Walk In Sweat Pants And Chomp Clinkin'
I Find A Girl We Step Dance And Calm Drinkin'
The Face, The Breast, The Bras, The Toes
I'm Still Solo And A Long Night Draws To A Close
Cause It's A Fact, If She Come To The Crib And I Get Some Ass Inside
We'll Never Talk Again, Scary And True
That Song Special I Recorded With Voyce Well It's Like A Classified
It's What I'm Lookin For To Carry Me Through
Yet I Can't Seem To Find A Heavy Girl That Possesses It
Only Wants A Friendship Causing Me To Forget The Shit
And When They Talk About They Past And Lovers
And You Get Mad At The Though Of It Giving Ass To Others
Yet You Find Peace With Yourself, Now Least There's Some Room To Ride
There's Also Room For Improvement As Soon As June Arrive

[Voice:]
Strolling In The Park, And Watching Winter Turn To Spriing
Strolling In The Park, And Watching Winter Turn To Spriing
Strolling In The Park, And Watching Winter Turn To Spriing



Southern Smoke!!!

[Speaking]
Yeah. Ho! 
It's Drake. Uh Uh. Ho!
Do that dance. Do that Dance

[Chorus:]
You special girl, don't leave me baby
To find another just like you won't be easy baby
So, at least I know where the ones at
Baby just promise me if you go that you'll come back

[Verse 1:]
Look I ought to be thankful because for women I have plenty of love
And when it comes to relationships, many is stuck
Look at 50 you make love, 30 you have sex
Somewhere around the tender age of 20 you fuck
Or maybe before, I'm here waiting to score
It's long gone like brother's having a tape in their car
Instead these girls taking it raw,
Now they tell you to do whatever you want because it's safe to explore
Forget, wait till it's right now, wait till it's more 
Wait till he get gets a deal girl, wait till the tour
So they dance to attract me, advance and attack me
To the point that Drake compare me to Anthony Mackie
But once they have my pants and my khakis
I tell them I'm not one for commitment and romancing exactly
Because, I hate waking up undressed with a dame
And guessing her name, I hope this shit is destined to change

[Chorus: (x2)]
Because you special girl, don't leave me baby
To find another just like you won't be easy baby
So, at least I know where the ones at
Baby just promise me if you go that you'll come back

[Verse 2:]
I don't get it, it's like my fairy was sick
It's like I meet the perfect girl, and she put me through some various shit
It's something that I can rarely predict
All I know is that I can never find the love that Tyler Perry depict
I'm guessing maybe Shemar Moore isn't really all pure
Maybe I lie to myself and it's like a small cure
I tell it all to her
I gotta feeling this feeling inside is something it's like and can't be all sure
Because really, What is a window without a car door?
Why I can't settle for one instead of all four?
Mu mind is clouded, this shit complex here
Jason tell me I'ma have a baby by next year
Psychic told me I'ma have three kids
I don't want my daughter making a song like Teairra Mari did
So, I'ma change yeah this summer is gone
I'm running along, before I raise one of my own

[Chorus: (x2)]
Because you special girl, don't leave me baby
To find another just like you won't be easy baby
So, at least I know where the ones at
Baby just promise me if you go that you'll come back

[Outro: (x2)]
Believe me baby, Stevie baby
D-R-A-K-Eezzy baby
So do that dance, do that dance,
Go head girl and do that dance, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Uh

[Talking]
Yeah because you special baby
Yeah this the remix right here
Yeah Trendsetters
Drake, It's Southern Smoke



[DRAKE:]
It's Southern Smoke Boy !
Ho, Yeah, Uh huh
It's Trey Songz and uh, D-R-A-K-K-E
Ahahaha, the boy of summer are here man
Ayo Track, I got something mean for this one boy

[VERSE 1: DRAKE]
Chances Are Most of the day you was lying around
i made money thats why these girls eyeing me down
by nineteen i might seem desitend for millions
promoters on my ass so im guessing they filled
in i take q's from my big boy popz
i 'm the only young dude that the big boys watch
they getting foul on the star
but its all eyes on me like im coppin some vows for the bar
get it guess not picture me not strive
to land in the top ten slip in the top five
same thing in the top four trust im hot boy
maybe even the top three Trey you got me
now a day i peep they intrests
specialy when lifes bringing them pain and lately they been stressed
money making brothers should take notes
see broke niggas is the problem and us is the scape goat
some body get the waiter they need a second plate a
this knowledge if you aint got it you could catch it later
my money then lovers seperate for I commit the date up
i put a split in the middle then i seperater

[CHORUS: TREY SONGZ]
It aint about the rims on my truck
Aint about the ice on my watch
Aint about teh coop of my truck
Baby its about the Game

[VERSE 2:]
Ridin' low
Layed back in the seat when I creep
That's just how I roll
With some fresh nice ones on my feet
That's it goes
And I'm tryin' to find a chick I can meet who ain't about the dough
Cause it ain't all about that no more

[CHORUS: TREY SONGZ]
It aint about the rims on my truck
Aint about the ice on my watch
Aint about teh coop of my truck
Baby its about the Game

It aint about the shoes that I've got
Aint about my dough or my rocks
Ain't the life I live, it don't stop
Baby it's about the game

[VERSE 3: TREY SONGZ]
When you ask why I'm hustlin' in the streets that's just who I be
Yo, I live for the dough, for the flow, for feelin' free
Ain't too many other dudes you can choose to get this luxury
But without it all I'm still about the game

[BRIDGE:]
The haters wanna hate, but it ain't nothing
Because the ladies choose to love me (they love me for what I do)

[CHORUS x2: TREY SONGZ]
It aint about the rims on my truck
Aint about the ice on my watch
Aint about teh coop of my truck
Baby its about the Game

It aint about the shoes that I've got
Aint about my dough or my rocks
Ain't the life I live, it don't stop
Baby it's about the game

[VERSE 4:]
Ridin' low
Layed back in the seat when I creep
That's just how I roll
With some fresh nice ones on my feet
That's it goes
And I'm tryin' to find a chick I can meet who ain't about the dough
Cause it ain't all about that no more

[BRIDGE:]
The haters wanna hate, but it ain't nothing
Because the ladies choose to love me (they love me for what I do)

[CHORUS x2: TREY SONGZ]
It aint about the rims on my truck
Aint about the ice on my watch
Aint about teh coop of my truck
Baby its about the Game

It aint about the shoes that I've got
Aint about my dough or my rocks
Ain't the life I live, it don't stop
Baby it's about the game



Southern Smoke!!!

[Intro: Voyce]
This another one from your boy V-O
I'm gon tell the people, that we locking this down
This another one from your boy V-O
I'm gon tell the people, that we locking this down

[Chorus: Voyce]
I never dreamed that you would be so good to me and I know
I don't deserve, All this Love (loving me)!!
I can't believe that it's just really you and me, and I know
I can't contain myself, All this Love (loving me)!!

[Verse 1: Voyce]
Girl, I've been thinking about the way, that you love me every day
And I want to know, if You Feel The Same Way!!
Because I'm in and out of town, that's just how I got's to get down
But you understand, that's why I'm your man!!

[Chorus: Voyce]
I never dreamed that you would be so good to me and I know
I don't deserve, All this Love (loving me)!!
I can't believe that it's just really you and me, and I know
I can't contain myself, All this Love (loving me)!!

[Bridge: Voyce (Drake)]
UH, UH, UH (UH, V-O)
UH, UH, UH (Yeah man!)
YEAH YEAH (Haha. It's just me and you girl)
YEAH YEAH (Keep rocking to this beat)
UH, UH, UH (You want me to drop to this beat?)
UH, UH, UH (HO!)
YEAH YEAH (Let me get a little gospel on them. Yeah. Uh)

[Verse 2: Drake]
They say he wanted the bounce back
I can make them easily admit that the bounce back
Without knowing exactly where me accounts at
Yeah, you best believe
That I often tend to surpass what the rest achieve
So, they don't like me
They throw parties, and yet they never invite me
I can't lie, sometime it bother me slightly
Either way the true fans yell
I appear calm, and it's obvious of who can't tell
And no, this ain't Blu Cantrell
This is like perfection, though we both got the light complexion
Couple things I do damn well,
And the way that I Jack son, you figure Drake knew Sam. L (Samuel Jackson)
I'm for real though
I'm from Memphis, I'm often labeled as Trill so
They stay kicking it with me like a field goal
See I'm humble, but I live fame
For more deals on the table than abridge game. Ahh

[Chorus: Voyce]
I never dreamed that you would be so good to me and I know
I don't deserve, All this Love (loving me)!!
I can't believe that it's just really you and me, and I know
I can't explain myself, All this Love (loving me)!!

[Bridge: Voyce]
Even when the sun don't shine, I know you're my sunshine
And even if the sun outside, we can anything baby
I need to feel you next to me, You want to feel me next to you
We can do anything you want to do
Tell Me the Next Morn Baby!!!

[Chorus: Voyce]
I never dreamed that you would be so good to me and I know
I don't deserve, All this Love (loving me)!!
I can't believe that it's just really you and me, and I know
I can't contain myself, All this Love (loving me)!!



[Nickelus F: speaking]
Niggas in the city hatin' me man they trippin'
When I'm the only one that's really spittin'
My nigga Lil Lee the only one that's really grippin'
Why you deck(?) me up actin' like like we cool if you don't feel him nigga?

Uh, I'm bringing back hip hop
Me and my nigga Drake
VA, Toronto, Hip-Hop

[Verse: Nickelus F] 
Aiight let me take my jacket off
Unlace the timbs, here again comes the jabberjaw
This time I'm blabbin on 
These rappers that feel a certain way but they get me yappin off
Mad cuz the freestyle iller than they whole catalog
I got the gift like Santa Claus
Flow got spring like a catapult
Matter fact the flow Supreme like Diana Ross
I'm at the do' like a deer with the antlers off
Niggas acting like Scummy was they neega(?)
Wouldn't even give my man a 12 bar feature
I know who you are cause he wanted me to eat ya
I said nah lets keep it peaceful
My nigga was a true weed source
He gave it to us for a cheap cost, for prices we all could eat off
A real street dog
The type of nigga that y'all niggas be studying learning how to get street off
We have an impostor, alert the doctor
Bout to hit him up with the chopper like Blaka
Shock em like Blanca from Street Fighter, heat got a
Hurricane kick, murder everything quick
Look, my new Ryu nine is stupendous
Why do guys choose my crew to pick wit
My crew lie you guys into ditches
I said it and meant it the Scorpio's Mind has many dimensions
I'll say it in intent, sentence, indent, on instant pimpin
Hope your listenin to my diction
If you are then you now should be itchin
That its crack we placed in your stereo system
Yea, I be at your burial trippin
Nickelus F from Richmond
VA, 
The Scorpio's Mind is not a game to play wit all day

[Verse: Drake]
I've been hated by many, wanted by plenty
Disliked by some, but confronted by none
Since they don't show me sincerity, I load up, lock up
Take shots at em I guess you could call it a parody
But compared to D
They one-fourth from watermelon to a quarter felon, dude you a pear to me
If that's not how it is it ain't how it appear to be
You got blind heaters, in my sweats is a mind reader
And when the psychic get to touchin my palm
Seein your physical, the things that you never say to me visible
Especially when one of your artist feelin threatened
Cause I'm harnessin a weapon, won't you pardon my reflection
Mirror, mirror tell me why they wanna get and scrimmage
To play around, to perfection I'm the spittin image
My verbal camp is vivid, I told you I'm spittin image
It seems we often want to start but never get to finish
My verbal campus is Villanova, and those of you feelin Hova
And writing college rhymes, but the thrill is over
Let me assist you like a specialist
So you can pull it back and try catch the metaphors and the rest of this
It's not a problem wit X, I guess I'm a pessimist
Which means if shit goes bad, I say "I expected this"
And me and Julien we never got the chance to communicate
Instead of understanding its a tune of hate
The city's mine like Oklahoma's a Sooner state
And we're gonna have to cross paths whether soon or late
So, why don't you walk up in the spot using less strut
You aint Morris Chestnut, you lighter and less cut
And lets be honest, by now you should be your own scholar
You still a protege, that's the reason I don't holler
You got rappers being repetitive actors
You stay ahead of the game, I'm ahead of the practice boi



Southern Smoke!!!

[Intro: Drake Talking]
Yeah. Ren. M.O.F. Haha. 
It's Drake man. It's Drake man.Yeah
Ayo Ren this that gritty shit here man
I'ma half to tell them about I been through on this know what I mean
HO!  Southern Smoke!!!

[Verse 1: Drake]
Very few give you that truth, it's either they can't do it with lyrics
Or can't do it in spirit, they cancel what they doing
The samples that they using, can't get through the clearing
I'll handle it since they just can't get you to hear it
My father's early careering forced my parents to split up
My mother was a teacher, my father was kind of fed up
With just being a florist, the choir sang his chorus
And he got back into doing what he was doing before us
Because money is an issue, your son he gon miss you
And plus you got a wife at home because mommy still exist too
Now you looking for exes, you ain't never expect this
You end up doing time, and me I end up with a step-sis
Nobody passing judgment, or question where the drugs went
You know I hold you down because without you, I'd be a wasn't
And mommy I'ma support her, I keep it all in order
See her with tears in her eyes or you arrested at the border 
But

[Chorus: Nickelus F]
I got stress on my shoulders
Trying to keep my heart pure but this world is making it colder
Young black man dodge your bullets trying to get older
And you wonder why we turn to drugs and chain smokers
IT'S STRESS MY NIGGA!!!
I'm just trying to live my life cuz
Make a little money, find a bunny
to make my wife cuz BO!, BO!, BO!, BO!
I'm just trying to live my life cuz
Make a little money, find a bunny
to make my wife cuz BO!, BO!, BO!, BO!

[Verse 2: Drake]
This is my life, and so the rest is kinda been cool, question what I been through
I write a verse addressing it, and yes I might offend you
Picture when I was in school,
Me being the closest thing to black, and guess what rap music what I was into
Rest of the kids were sheltered, I never liked to fight
But when someone called me a "nigger" I'd punch them I couldn't help it
Now I'm grown I can say what it is
It's parents that got these Black and Filipino nannies raising they kids
And your daddy want it very right
I make you happy, plus I'm Jewish, he don't approve, I think he want you to marry white
He want Sinatra at the wedding, not Barry White
Because black is black honey, even if he's very light
And so I never been for dinner at they places
Always brutally honest, and so I pin it to they faces
I live it so the case is, whether Drake is
Way ahead of his time, or inquisitive and racist

[Chorus: Nickelus F]
I got stress on my shoulders
Trying to keep my heart pure but this world is making it colder
Young black man dodge your bullets trying to get older
And you wonder why we turn to drugs and chain smokers
IT'S STRESS MY NIGGA!!!
I'm just trying to live my life cuz
Make a little money, find a bunny to make my wife cuz BO!, BO!, BO!, BO!
I'm just trying to live my life cuz
Make a little money, find a bunny to make my wife cuz BO!, BO!, BO!, BO!

[Verse 3: Drake]
Am I hot as the rest, should I strive for my spot as the best
Like girls with Double D's, I gotta lot on my chest
There's questions that need to be answered that's not on the test
Instead of staring at quizzes (?) now it's models with breasts
And yes, when I'm dismissed after a tedious listen
I sit at home and say I should of been a pediatrician 
Homie, I probably could of been on TV consistent
An artist like Pablo, or maybe Petey's assistant 
And my mindset is come and get me
I'm all alone at home with my mom and grandma and ain't nobody running with me
So, if you got the heart to come in here and kill a lady, daughter, and her grandson
Nigga get the handgun
If not, you gon make me call the burbs out in Richmond
That have you niggas laying out on the curb, they some hitmen
Last couple of months I done probably been
Around the world and back, and I don't wanna question half the places Nick been

[Chorus: Nickelus F (Drake ad-libs)]
I got stress on my shoulders (Uh!)
Trying to keep my heart pure but this world is making it colder (Yeah!)
Young black man dodge your bullets trying to get older (Oh!)
And you wonder why we turn to drugs and chain smokers (Yeah man!)
IT'S STRESS MY NIGGA!!!
I'm just trying to live my life cuz
Make a little money, find a bunny
to make my wife cuz BO!, BO!, BO!, BO! (This that gritty shit boy)
I'm just trying to live my life cuz (Got me winded over here man)
Make a little money, find a bunny
to make my wife cuz BO!, BO!, BO!, BO! (Uh)



[Verse 1:]
Sometimes I feel like Lohan and Hilary Duff are the only ones with enough
To feel what I'm about to say in this song
When they want you to be like somebody else and you just want to be yourself
And you do it and get the feeling it's wrong
That there is when all the press articles happening and the cameras get to snapping
And they try to make you out as a lie
Symbolic because you were just trying to please them by using logic and reason
It's a lose lose why even try
When your ideas so frequently get rejected, people just get neglected
And they never really know how to feel
Phone calls is something that you're expecting for someone without the ethics 
And the motives to try and make them a mill
You never noticed the fact you might be working without receiving the perks and
Niggas wanna say that you ain't around
I mean there's always some blame to put on yourself instead of claiming
that you couldn't help and maybe next time you ain't in town

[Chorus: (x4)]
You gonna try to try harder cuz
Try harder cuz
Try Try-Try-Try

[Verse 2:]
And the managers make you succumb to pressure and you spitting' is fresher 
than most of these rappers running the game
Concerned that people who copy what's in the past and turn the profit with cash
There's time I would have done it the same
I mean I got me a range, Also got me a guilty conscience
That made you tell anybody I meet that I rent
Sometimes I wish that I would just chilled on the sneakers
and watched the game from the bleachers
Because I'm really tend to need what I spent
In a house that I promised to get my mother don't compensate for the other time
I wasted late out at the club
Instead of sitting in once a week for some dinner I'm working hard on the winner 
so this album is a labor of love
You say as long as I'm staying out of the streets and just spending money on beats 
That she can rest without a toss and a turn
Because she know that my reputation perceives me and people watch me on TV
That's exactly why I often get burned
But I'm gonna try to..

[Chorus: (x4)]
You gonna try to try harder cuz
Try harder cuz
Try Try-Try-Try



[LUPE FIASCO: TALKING]
Uh, what up y'all!
Soundtrack what's popping baby?
Y'all ain't know, I go by the name of Lupe Fiasco
Representing that first and fifteen
Jyea, uh!
And this one right here
I dedicate this one right here
To all my homies out there grinding
You know what I'm saying?
Legally and illegally
Hahaha...
You know what I'm talking about?
So, check it out

[VERSE 1: LUPE FIASCO]
First got it when he was six
Didn't know any tricks
Matter of fact first time he got on it he slipped
Landed on his hip
And bust his lip
For a week he had to talk with a lisp
Like THISSSSS
Now we can end the story right here
But shorty didn't quit there was something in the air
Yea, he said it was something so appealing
He couldn't fight the feeling
Something about it
He knew he couldn't doubt it
Couldn't understand it
Brand it, just the first kickflip he land it
Uh, labeled a misfit, a bandit
Kakunk Kakunk Kakunk!
His neighbors couldn't stand it so
He was banished to the park
Started in the morning wouldn't stop 'til after dark
Yea, when they said, "It's getting late in here..
...so I'm sorry young man there's no skating here"

[CHORUS]
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast

[VERSE 2: DRAKE]
(Waddup Lupe, Chi Town!)
My style is very Tennessee
mixed with some Terry Kennedy
people barley remember me from back in the day
i done got some contacts and threw the glasses away
the time it took me to get cool was a massive delay
but check it gets boring growing up in memphis
trying to become a pro but keep showing up apprentice
mama probably would have done anything to prevent this
cause every single time i break a board it gets expensive
luckly my aunt working as a nurse
so every time i needed something she just reach up in her purse
and plus she'd always give me speeches on the first
if i 'm staying in her house then i need to get some work
i tell her i was there on vacation
she say you need to be doing something other than skating
why don't you go kick it with your uncle in the basement
i ma let him know that your coming honey he's waiting
so now its me and old school
chekka playa playing chess looking through old school wrek a airs
he knew i didn't really wanna post here
open up the window told me that the coast clear
now i coast clear take a deep breath feeling like the popes here
Homie this is Recess east test
life's ever given me a plus graded by a teacher in a sweet dress
yes i'm literly Landel Lewis with a kick and a snare
kick flip in the air
the kids sick till them jeans put a rip in the pair
just so the space ain't restricted in here
breathe again think its obvious that they need my soul
Cousins at the door like ri mi fa so
i say aunty this is a safe career
she said Drake i told you there's no skating here

[CHORUS:]
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast

[VERSE 3: LUPE FIASCO]
Before he knew he had a crew
That wasn't no punk
And they spitfire shirts
And SB dunks
They would push 'til they couldn't skate no more
Office building lobbies wasn't safe no more
And it wasn't like they wasn't getting chased no more
Just the freedom was better than breathing they said
Any escape route they used to escape out
When things got crazy
They needed to break out
They head to any place with stairs
Any good grinds
The world was theirs
Uh, and their four wheels would take them there
Until the cops came and said, "There's no skating here"

[CHORUS:]
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast



SHAKE UP THE WORLD
THAT IS WHAT I AM BOUT TO DO
And homie you ain't even on my altitude
I'm tellin you, I got enough cloud for two
And like a nxgga turn blood I came out the blue
They like, "damn who's drake, where's wheel-chair-Jimmy at?"
On my chris brown shxt. I'm still here. gimme dat
I'm cuttin lights out like it's bedtime
These other rappers luke-warm like redwine
The truth hurts so please don't rub it in
I'm not signed yet, so I'm still budgetin'
I'm like jeopardy-I'm still buzzin in
Every city that you gotta nephew or a cousin in
(ugh) I miss cake these days
I can't even afford a mistake these days
All of my favorite girls miss drake these days
Please don't take offense to my ways

Cause I need drug money
Who got drug money
I am talkin "white phantom sittin on dub" money
I am talkin "cold champaigne at tha club" money
And no I ain't emotional but baby I love money
To all these A&R's that's playin stars
Why you gotta act dumb (dumb)
Your girl kno how I beat it like a flat drum
I spit dirty like I'm chewin on black gum
I fooled ya'll ain't shxt for me to come back from

[beat changes]

[Drake: talking]
Ooooohhh!
Yes!
I'd like to take this opportunity to formally welcome you to this
extravaganza that I call Comeback Season. Hope you enjoy your stay
drinks are on my by the way [laughs] yeah

[Rapping]
How the fuck jay and dame gon' break up before they meet drake
I'm sure it can be resolved I'm just hopin that they make up
I've perfected my craft using ? 
Tryna make some cheese off a single is a process
GET IT? !
Craft. single. cheese. process
Sit back and admire the talent that I possess
Top notch, no less
Oh yes
I'm known in the city, but need to bust out like a model to show chest
Cause you deal with agents from check collections
I'm keepin it clean in a little X direction
And babygirl if you don't like me it's probably due to the fact that you are last like next selection
The city is mine, I control this
You know this
Cause you are nothing like it and I'm ?  you ?  this
I'm a jamaican doctor, The Bay, WHAT UP OTIS?!
I'm back with the form like opis I go
Yeah
And I'm a teach it so you learn right
You can't come on this ride you need to earn height
With no hyrdo bill I let the lights burn out
And after that I take em' back like returned flights
Yeah
You can't ?  me ?  rich
United like ? 
Barmitsfa kidd
Get your hits destroyed
Cause I keep it under wraps like christmas toys
No witnesses
No mistresses
This the present and I'm a show you wut gifted is mayne
Keep it real no other youngins as hot as me
You a gucci groupie my nxgga and I'm a prodigy
What I'm direct for
Cause I'm who they check for
I waited for connects
Why you was playin connect four
You was playin uno
I was doin you know -wut-eva us rappers do to develop a new flow
I promise
Yeah

[talking]
Shout out to 40-40
Yeah my right hand!



I got ice all over my windshield
I can tell it's gon' be a cold winter
I hit the defrost 
I never turn the heat off
And still I'm so chilli willy snowflake
These silly billies really feel to act as if they know Drake
Always gossipin' callin' and textin'
Magneto niggas tryna bring down ex-men/ X-men
Tellin' my ex-girl tryna ex-plain
How I am no good so go with the next man
But dog
You don't know me 
You don't know us
We go by the name of A-T-F
And any previous affiliation
They know to hold they tongue and I spare 'em humiliation
I know you in and out 
Nigga I am not playin'
Just fall back keep on Escape'in and Alize'in
And stop tryna act like you like me and my team
Not us so you knock us
That's precisely what I mean
And dog 
It's forever clear
My money evergreen
My presence required in places you have never been
It's all in a day's work that's what I am on
NBC, MTV, Viacom
And who's Continental GT is outside
Showin' them how monumental he be?
One wheel one the curb 
Ticket on the dash
It's like e'ry fuckin' summer I just switch it on they ass
And maaan I'm a commodity
None of them as hot as me
The industry standard 
So I am what they gotta be
'Cause Drake's syllables is like Jake Gyllenhaal
Can't help it
I been brainwashed to kill 'em all
I think I should pass my own amendment
You frontin' with glass all in your pen-dant
You ain't livin' rapper you never have been
You a has-been a gas station attendant
Your man is a turkey you wit' a liar
I'm clearin' the air I'm a humidifier
I'm spittin' fire 
And gettin' flyer
And what you plannin' for this summer I did it prior
I've shattered shows 
And tattered clothes
Met status quos
This is the south and I am present when it matters most
The startin's hot but pay attention to my latter flows
Givin' brain ain't bad girl don't be that opposed
I flatter hoes
And drink Dom
They always ask me "Is that a rose?"
You mean rosÂ©?
Why yes it is
I stopped trying years ago this is effortless
I'm in your house got the key to your home
I am Jeopardy asked Wikipedia known
I am A.A. driven and Expedia flown
So stop jackin' my style
Your in need of ya own, man



[Intro: Drake talking]
Yeah I remember me and, me and D used to talk about this kind of stuff all the time
Like what it's gonna be like when you get closer to your dreams
I didn't know much then but, probably tell you a lil' somethin' now

[Verse 1: Drake]
Mr. Big Dreams no tolerance
Cut you at the house and haven't hollered since
Get bored quickly
He stay grown
So the p-a-trÃ£n had to get poured quickly
Ex girl strippin'
I can't stop her
New girl trippin' but I can't drop her
'Cause I need somethin' to balance out the fact
That it's hard to find a woman when you' talented and black
When you hollerin' at labels
And they silencing you back
'Cause you fail to thoroughly discuss some violence in ya track
Well
Gunshot for the young yacht owner
See there's everybody else then there's one top loner
First place is often the worst place
But fuck it I love it here I call it my birthplace
Whenever I walk in they makin' the worst face
Surrounded by Fillipinos I think of the worst case
Watch blue and green diamonds I call it the earth face
I'm gettin' ya cake I tell you how ya dessert taste
I get a dessert plate
Y'all eat pedigree as ya meal
I've been Urkel for some years it's better bein' Jaleel
Though I rock lean snap it's better bein' this real
It's better drivin' a car with the letter B in the wheel
Seat back
Light sayin' tank on E
I got the drank on me
You better bank on me
To be the one and only nigga that you ain't gon' see
In the club with a model spillin' drinks on me
Nah
Gimme 20 in the tank on 3
I'm in the Range bumpin' Keyshia Cole
Singin' off-key like [Andreena harmonizes]
I'mma spare y'all
Why you wanna judge me
I don't ever compare y'all
The city is mine
I know it because I'm there y'all
It ain't even started I'm really tryna prepare y'all
Spring '07 second quarter I'm droppin'
With or without a label man I'm committed to poppin'
And take over the summer
Tour to tour hoppin'
I'mma meet a lot of women I'mma do a lot of shoppin'
Really no other option
Spend a lot of money just to make it back
Anybody I dissed in a song I don't take it back
Same rappers that's all in ya face sayin' Drake is wack
Are checkin' my availability just to make a track
I promise mama
I'mma do it 'cause I know I put you through it (I know I put you through it baby)
And I just want you to sit around with ya friends at a dinner table 
And say "my baby's famous and I knooow it" (yeah)
And it wasn't nothin' tooo it
I've drawn it and drew it 'til the pen was out of fluid
The ballpoint run out
Then all joints come out classic
Rappers are fake we can all point one out

[Drake Talking]
Yeah
I'd like to introduce you to the first lady of the ATF (uhh)
Miss Andreena Mill

[Chorus: Andreena Mill]
Closer to my dreams I'm gettin' higher
Yeah I feel it in my sleep
I said I'm gettin' higher
Yeah
And closer to my dreams
Whoa
Sometimes it feels like I'll never move on
Closer to my dreams

[Verse 2: Drake]
Look
I took a plane to Hawaii with D
And we was trippin' off of the speed at which life progressed
From meetin' Trey in Atlanta to doin' a cameo in his video 
Which made everything right with X (Songz)
I got too many records and not enough shows
For too many rappers and not enough __
Well
You can fill the blank in
They tryna be the best
Just tryna place in the rankin'
Day care play pen drop out
To grade ten drop out
To summer '05 with the grey Benz drop out
Charcoal Charger
Racin' through back streets
On my (Craig David) shit the (Artful Dodger)
Shola Ama
I told her I'mma
'Bout to get my run on so hold the commas
Times've changed now I'm older mama
And these niggas ain't solid they fold in drama
And that's the realest shit I ever wrote
A compilation of mental thoughts that I never note
And hi, haters
I'm back off of hiatus
How ya album doin'?
I'm gettin' cake off of my latest
Anticipated like the iPhone
Respected in any city that I roam
Summertime
Wintertime
Dinnertime
Anytime
Bet I am the nigga in my town when I arrive
Home

[Outro: Drake talking]
Yeah one more time 'fore we turn the lights out ladies and gentleman
(Sing it to' em 'Dreena) lights 'bout to go down, curtains 'bout to close but
I want y'all to enjoy yourself on the way out, yeah man
(Yeah man)

[Chorus]



[Echo-Trey Songz]
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement

[Verse 1-Drake]
Lat me show what it is
I was born up top but was raised at the bottom of the map
Where the girls all thick and the hottest niggas rap
if you lookin for the goods then we got in the trap like
[Trey]
Ooo wee
[Drake]
Took 'em from white snakes to
[Trey]
Ooo wee
[Drake]
This metaphore might sound a little confusing but
[Trey]
Yall don't really even know me yeah yeah
[Drake]
I done come all way from the Days Inn and all the hotels that stayed in
I took my lifestyle from mediocre to good and now I say it's sittin at amazing'
Girls tryin sell a whole lobby of us 
Hear em all screamin then it's probably is
But I can't blame females, females can't really ignore something this obvious
What you really expect when I strut through town
Two or three days I shut you down
Chilin wit the homie Trey Songz
You call him the prince he rep two up two down
Anyone I know get used to me
Im far from the man that I used to be 
I don't ever really kick game
I know you find it impressing whenever you introduced to me
'Cause I'm a good dude who take pride in that
Need good lovin' I'm providing that
Understand that I'm worldwide
You get who you want it wherever you be residing at
'Cause I do things from the M-town
To the UK
From Spain back out to Texas
This album's for my fans
But yo this hook is for my exes

[Chorus-Trey Songz]
This one is for you girl
You know who you are girl
You only show you're face
'Cause you know that I'm a star girl
What you trying to to make it
Don't ever mistake it
'Cause my time is limited and I ain't trying to waste it all on you 
You had a chance now It's gone
Oooooh
You had a man now you don't 
Back to the basics
I think I made it
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement girl

[Verse 2-Trey Songz]
Ain't ya never seen a yougin so fly
Lookin for someone your type
I done left behind the love of my life
Tryin to find another one tonight
And if it's you baby
Let yourself be seen
Don matter skirts
Dresses or jeans
I got that work
Know what I mean
And I'm flexing on my ex if you know what mean

[Chorus]

[Verse 3-Drake]
Check this out
from the that she get picked for some take out
Until they slip up and break out
But it's another story over here at Drake's house
'Cause I'm dripped up and I'm drapped out
And I'm lean back
Scoping
Looking for a woman that I should wife
Who got just the right amount of loyalty
Yeah but is still anticipating us living the good life
We go LA, VA
NY, TO
Sunshine in that heat stroke
And them fur hoods in that deep snow
We have breakfast in the bedroom
Break bread downstairs in the basement
Since Jay and Kelz ain't doing the thing no more
Guess me and the boy Songz is the replacement

[Chorus]

Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay
Ay, Ay, Ay
Let's Go



[VERSE 1]
This the record that my backpack underground fans get to get to skippin
Back back, Southern town fans get to tippin
Chasin fat stacks, runnin down grands and submission
I don't back track, every single sound for me different
I don't own no ice, just got clean rap
Don't ever two step, I just rock, lean, snap
We could take it out to Houston where the rides all glossed up
Anybody I'm standin beside's all bossed up
Burgular ? they say I'm servin them rhymers
And me and Nickel F go together like burgers and diners, yes
I'm like a waiter and you something like a hater
With trays in both hands, place an order I can cater uh
I got the diamonds in my teeth flow
Memphis is the reason that my rhyming and my *chopped voice* speech slow
Peep though, I only got pity for you lames
Sitting pretty in the game, in the city that I claim

[CHORUS]
Yo, the city is mine (which one?)
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up, range rove, yo chick, wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna 
Shake shake it, drop it drop it, bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!
Shake shake it, drop it drop it, bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!

[VERSE 2]
Break it down like you working for your tuition at Howard
Mama, get it how you live, that thang that you working is power
Tryna be generous, so honey here's a tip
Now-a-days it's gettin cheaper to put 20's on the whip
So if you a opportunist look for 20's in the clip
And if you find 'em attractive and funny, that's when you dip, dip
And it's a trip, my city broke into sections
Up North I got me a couple of troubles, couple connections
And it's nothing that I created on purpose, there's people that gotta problem
But they scared to let it surface, uh
Ya boy say this, that, and the third to 'em
See me out and they never utter a word to 'em
Expect me not to draw a card from the deck
Anybody in my city going hard I respect but,
You gotta debt and you choose not to pay that
Imma hop ya fence, come into your yard and collect, lect uh
It ain't a problem of concern bruh, I always end up with exactly what I earn bruh
This ain't last year, money like a cashier, so hand your receipt if you tryna make a return bruh
Yessir, I live in a city where a lot of people don't get shine, shine
And, I be on by the fence as soon as anybody stepping out of line, line
And I got way too much love, for the city I can never get too much of
And if anybody hatin on me, I deport 'em, the city is mine boy

[CHORUS]
Yo, the city is mine (which one?)
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up, range rove, yo chick, wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna 
Shake shake it, drop it drop it, bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!
Shake shake it, drop it drop it, bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!

Break it down, break it break it down
Break it down, break it break it down
Break it down, break it break it down
Break it down, break it break it down
Break it down



Yeah Look
It's what you all been waiting for ain't it?
Your weekly entertainment
For me to get a hold of this beat
And go ahead claim it
I'm about to paint a picture
You niggas go 'head frame it
'cause we getting Seinfeld
On some Jerry and Elaine shit
I flow far from mediocre
And if we talking cards
I will fold 'em with the poker
You and your whole crew are like a deck of 54
So it's obvious y'all gon' steady be rollin' wit' some jokers (unh)
And me I'm rolling with some brokers
Like damn, could you niggas get any broker
Got my new girl so content
Just save yourself the embarrassment
Don't even approach her
Disguise yourself, go buy a costume
I am making stocks work while you working stock room (unh)
And I was praying I would drop June but label reps applying pressure to make them pop tunes
So I keep it rockin' for Pete's sake
You fake gangsta rappers are clichÃ©
And if you ain't talking dough when you meet Drake
I be in your face like "No speaka la englis"
Soon as you hear it, you quote it
They tryna be the one that I done left out the show with
But trust me I'm aware and my car's right there
Is this interior enough for your ulterior motives
'Cause if you like it you should stick with me
My money good I ain't ever had to flip a key
A lot of ice a lot of cream like Dicky D
Might cut the phone and disappear like Mishy me
But I'm tryna have you on that trip with me
Sliding through Henri Bendel like it's slippery
And your ex-man is a hater, officially
Probably 'cause he know I'm exactly what you wish he'd be
Yeah, that's the reason why he looking hard
'Cause I done snatched the Chips Ahoy out his cookie jar
He just mad 'cause his girl at the house with her tongue sticking out like a Michael Jordan rookie card
Let me address this, pardon me while I fix
Couple subliminal lines caught me in the mix
I guess he thought he could've been Gotti in the flicks
But at this point I'm just poking her body with a stick
Nowadays rapping is a children's hobby
And girl's keep telling me I'm still as snobby
I tell 'em myself who I am feeling probably
Just because I got a buzz like a building lobby
It ain't a song that your ass finna skip
I tried to sell weed, give me cash for the zip
The way your girlfriend pumped me up in the car
Seems like she don't really need no gas for the trip
Millionaire shades, fade with waves, I smirk at a nigga if he still rockin' braids,
That just lets me know that we ain't on the same page and that goes out to every nigga except Trey
Ay, I'm outta here baby
They asked me about the past years and how does it phase me
I wouldn't take it back, nah, not if you paid me
Mister bet you that's expensive cause it's not a Fugayze
Spittin' that crock pot of bottomless gravy
The shit is so nasty, how is it tasting
And you can probably find him walking out of a Macy's
Forget a girl, they just thinking how to replace me
Exit with a joke, leave these niggas some hope
He took that
'Ye beat and you put that shit in a choke,
well, I think that I should leave out on this note nigga keep your two cents,
I ain't tryna leave you broke
Life of a Don, lights keep glowing,
coming in the club with that fresh shit on with something crazy in my arm, (arm),
and here's another hit, Barry Bonds'



I'on think they really ready for my wardrobe
I show up right before the store close
And blow the fee from my last four shows
I do one song and use four flows
She use to be a Christian before...
But now all she wanna do is shop for Christian Dior clothes,
Like baby those are cute I adore those
Me and the salesman build a rapport so
He understands tha fact that I'm spending off shore dough
Cash only transactions, homie,
And please no receipts the feds like to explore those
They can't audit if they don't know I bought it
I been doin' this for years homie, thoroughly I've thought it
Through, what it do, I am currently recorded on a track admitting most of my currency's imported
We're too late now, too legitimate to hit 'em with
Lawsuits even if they're crimes that I did commit
Repeat offender, Anita Baker, playin' in the whip as they pull me over my sweet surrender
I got a Jewish lawyer as my lead defender
A mitchkeit as they say he's a legal bender
And ATF is present every legal memeber
The coalition, we so efficient
You have to be invited or there's no admission
We know tradition
We spend money so don't try to compete if you're in no position
I wish you would listen,
I take you back to this trial
Where I am about to be home again like New Edition
My foot is just solely meant for this shoe it fits in
Used to record in a basement that Rennie Grew was piffin'
When pops turned over keys like a new ignition
If Hov is Jordan, I guess I'm cool with Pippen
'til I mention that I wanna play a new position
No team playin', no screen settin'
Because I wanna win games, coach I'm through assistin'
The take over, the break's over, nigga
And I'm a keep killin' em until the day that Drake's over
The wait's over, the tape's coming
They bullshittin' but I am equipped with great plumbing
The human mentality's so eager to hate something
I try to play it off like it ain't jumpin'
And this the predicament that you found Drake in
The condo that I just purchased sound vacant
'cause I have just been sittin' in this cell
Thinkin' what I coulda done to make my first video ground breaking
And whenever I'm flowing on the mic,
Aside from talkin' 'bout the d I'm throwin' in ya' wife
I treat this one session as if it was my last
And I pretend tomorrow is the day I'm going in for life, like that...



Ok there comes a time when you gotta be like
You know I've come this far on my own
Done a lot for myself
Where to now Ya know
But I just tell myself this one thing

It was worth it it was all worth it
And by this time I understand that I ain't perfect
There ain't a pair of Louis shoes I ain't purchased
And I was on some shit but they served they purpose
And I got verses I got verses
My 16's should be arriving in hearses
They get bodied You see how I murk this
I switch flows much as my girl switch purses
Yeah heartbreak Drake I'll put it on your wife
If I put it in a verse then I put it on my life
Liquor that's over ice and denim that's over priced
And tryna make all my goals for the future come over night
Got got got got damn how time soars
I'm tryna get that house in Toronto with pine floors
Come over watch a season of Flight of the Concords
And I try to put some lotion all over your contours
But uh tell me you surfin let me know you on board
You can't seal up the bottle once all of the dimes poured
Yes I swear to God girl I put it on Lord
I'm tryna show you life through the tint on these Tom Ford's
Ethiopian girl Ethiopian girl with yo long curly hair and yo big ass bootay
Reading all them pro black pro female books
Just let em let em know that you ain't no groupie
You need a prescription a vision correction
I'm young and successful I'm living perfection
And man if 09 is when I'm a see mine
Being cool ain't enough homie I'm a freeze time like that



[Chorus]
Take what you want, take what you wa-ah-aha-ant 
Take what you want, take what you want
But, you gotta share it with the world 
[X3]

Lately I've been murdering and avoiding conviction
This shit is like an addiction conflicting with what I do
Shout out to K Davis and my connect up at Avis
'Cause every weekend I'm rollin' out stuntin' in somethin' new
Fortunately I am at an elevated level
I'm celebrated at home and I am high above it all
But apologies to my fans that be super conscious
Just wait 'til I get my money right and I am going to ball
Ball ball

[Chorus]



[Verse 1: Drake]
Check, look
And I ain't tryna get to know nobody but you
Do me a favor tell me what's happenin'
I am drinkin' XO D is sippin' some Appleton
Usually the things I desire I always apprehend
Back again return of the mack again
'Deceiving' was cool I'll never record the track again
Even though my ex is fuckin' one of my rapper friends
I don't wanna seem like I am always attacking them verbally
You can stop frontin' I know you heard of me
Babygirl ya, ya, ya heard of me
Little me
Pay attention I guarantee you it'll be
One of the best, decisions you've made
I'm sonnin'/sunnin' them all I live in the shade
Previously mischievous behaviour was the leader of me
You could say I was fresh to some conceited degree
Steppin' out the house tryna figure out where cameras from Cheaters would be
But now I need a culprit
I am talkin Long Sands Beach, condo adult shit
I am talkin' all day shoppin' sprees in the mall with
Friends that I ball with
Hear me Trey's girl go and get you some Fall shit
Sweetie I am a track's demise
I will kill this song 'til it actually dies
With a military jacket and some packed supplies
I won't say I'm the best 'til the stats arrive
And all these a-list parties you fraternize
Where you can't wear hats inside it's only slacks and ties
Bu you don't never act surprised
You just hold it down for your boy 'til the plaques arrive
And girl, I used to blow a couple thousand at the shake joint
Now it cost a couple thousand for a Drake joint
I gave up a lot to make a progress
I give it to you, and you take it the best

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
When I give ya what I give ya
(You gon' like that)
When I give ya what I give ya
(You throw it right back)
It ain't a women in the world that can doubt that (oh)
I need a women not a girl 'cause I'm bout that (oh no no)
And when I give ya what I give ya
(You gon' like that)
When I give ya what I give ya
(You throw it right back)
It ain't a women in the world that can doubt that (oh)
I need a women not a girl 'cause I'm bout that (oh no no)
And when I give ya what I give ya

[Verse 2: Trey Songz]
(It's The Prince, look here)
Yup it's me again, Songz with a 'z' again
Canadian visitor, lady exhibitor
Play me I'll visit ya
Lay you in critical, condition
So don't get it twisted nigga
But back to the pimpin' nigga
Intercontinental you can catch me laid up
Somethin' with a fly face, slim waist, big butt
That's why I love what I does
Shot a couple videos now we got the city froze
Somethin' like my wrist be
Niggas know how this shit be
Step into the club security never frisk me
Buy so much liquor they give us a couple sips free
I be on Henessy
Straight no cubes
Take me where the women be
I won't lose
Drake take PatrÃ£n to the face 'til he wasted
I'm blowin 'til I'm gon' outta space in the Matrix
Call me Mr. Anderson huh 
I'm ramblin'
But at the same time I'm spittin' a flame rhyme
Baby what's your name? they call me the game mind
Most valuable player baby listen it's game time
We could take a couple shots break down ya d's
Take it to the hole post up on me
Let me fill the arena 
I'll be (Gilbert Arenas)
Somethin' like a (wizard) when I give ya what I give ya

[Chorus]



[Chorus: Dwele]
Don't you have a man? (Don't you got a man?)
Why are you trying to be my girl?
I can't believe it
Don't you have a man? (Don't you GOT a man?)
It's alllll-right with me, my girl
We can do anything

[Drake:]
Why you over there lookin at me?
Why your man stand-in right beside ya?
The temporary happiness he might provide ya
but you know and I know, that nobody gon do ya like me
Tryna say you like a goalie in line of sight
I know that I feel a bit slowly, I'm kinda like,
"I'on't really wanna hit this girl"
and so she want this chef stick like Napoleon Dynamite
Well, I'ma give it to you, honeybunches
You feel it all under ya ribs like some tummy crunches
All my other girls all up on that subtle shit
They don't wanna cut it, they wanna wrap it and cuddle with
Consequences keep weighin me down
So whenever she thinks I'm serious, I'm playin around
It gets deeper and cold-ER, the funny thing is
I'm writin this in my head and she asleep on my shoulder like...

[Chorus]

[Rapper Big Pooh:]
Look...we had a lil' thing, a wintertime fling
You some (Getback) for your man mistreat thing
But that was then, you know some hush-hush
I ain't never really see a future in us
Plus your man still there, let's be fair
You'll do the same things to me
My feelings never did go past, some late night smash
I'on't wanna take the place of he!
Late night's 85 South on my way to the crib
and somebody got a song for me
I already know what you about, cause I been the other man
and you NOT gonna trap me witcha silly lil plan
It's my bad, shoulda chose a wo-man
but I'm in the mix with this lil' girl playin
I'm sayin, you need to do what you do
I'm NOT tryna take it any further with you, C'MON

[Chorus]

[Phonte:]
Uh...uh...I met her at the bar sippin on Patron
And now it's been three years off and on
Cause the same page, we are rarely off and on
Cause when I'm in, she out, and when she in, I'm gone (c'mon)
We lost contact like ? shalom
But regained it while she was buildin her house a home
wit this new cat, sayin that he doin her right
It just proves that, she don't know what to do wit her life
Cause if so, she wouldn't have to change her strategy
And wouldn't need me to recharge her batteries
One minute she mad at me, next minute it's all good
and I'm in her body like Grey's Anatomy
I don't understand why God sent me to you
And I cain't try to justify that foul shit we do (uh)
All I know is that each time I'm stickin you
I think to myself, "Damn, if only her nigga knew", what?
[chuckles] yeah..

[Chorus]

[Outro: Dwele]
Don't you have a man? (Don't you got a man?)
Why are you trying to be my girl?
I can't believe it
Don't you have a man? (Don't you GOT a man?)
It's alllll-right with me, my girl
We can do anything, ba-bayyyy...



Aww man
Ho! Yes!
Hahaha
Yea... Can ya'll hear me out there
It's a lovely night tonight ain't it
Yea I know
I know what they thinkin they, they hear the beat they aleady scared
You know how I get down
But look I'm just gon keep it real

I'd like to know if there is a chemical
Imbalance in your makeup
Yea
(Gotta be something wrong with you baby)
Sometimes I wonder... wonder if you plan
Half of this shit before I wake up
(Ohh Yeah)
Callin my ex-girl or e-mailin my mama (Damn)
You're the only one
That's causin me this drama
And then expect favors (Yea)
When you come in town
And I know if I see you garaunteed it's goin down
Cause

To stay this girll (Ho!)
You couldn't pay me
I respect a woman
But this bitch is crazy (Hahaha)
This bitch is crazy (Yea)
This bitch is crazy
I respect a woman (I do)
But this bitch is crazy

She don't even know
That's the craziest part rite?
She just oblivious to the whole shit like
And you know like I was sayin sometimes
I gotta get my R&B on you know
I wanna wear the wife beaters
With the slit at the top so
I can tear it easy and all that
I wanna sing in the rain girl
You know what I'm talkin bout
Yea
I need a R&B name too like uh... like uh... like
I don't know I'll think of it
Hey!
Hahaha
You crazy man for real
Ho!
Oh well nigga fuck that hoe!
Goddamn
I said it without sayin it man



[Chorus: Andreena Mill]
I gotta make it out, or move quickly
Can't allow the past to restrict me
Bet this time around they won't skip me
I am the last hope
Don't hesitate not even for a second
The hustle has become an obsession
I'm on the front lines with my weapon
I am the last hope

[Verse 1: Kardinall Offishall]
Can you i-magine the last breath of Christ?
The last breath of Christopher Wallace on that faithful night
The last step that Martin Luther took as a man
I got the power of my world in my hand
The microphone brings life and death in the blink of an eye
I was born to provoke those born to die
I was conceived to beat all odds like Las Vegas
T-dot motherfucker watch the world rape us
Greatest strugglers hustle to succeed
Cross border smugglers tussle to burn weed
It means that pressure of success in the south
Niggas watchin' what I say magnifying my mouth
I never take back talk I apply the force
Hand blistering from many years of holdin' the torch
When the skin rebuilds it grows tougher than leather
So we can keep on holdin' it forever
My names Kardinall

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Drake]
Jealousy's suttin I haven't felt for years
There's nobody around for me to be jealous of
I bet you do a show in my city and no one cheers
Even if you make the music that ladies and fellas love and dove
I'm incredible fuckin' unforgettable
And when it comes to records 
I will eat it if it's edible
They say the futures always foreseen
That's why I'm steady getting more money, more cream
My flow is stuck in the moment that comes before dreams
I stay avoiding unlucky like 14
And people get behind 'im and they fight for 'im 
'Cause he wont let no other niggas write for 'im
And even when it's quite warm
The attitude coursing through the veins of my city is a ice storm
The name Drake and I don't take it for granted
I just take it you offended 'cause I'm taking advantage mayne

[Chorus]



[Intro]
I've got it made thats what I'm talking about
Goin down to the fashion store and get myself fitted out
Goin down to the dealers buy myself a brand new car
So me and my lady can riiiide

Check
I wish y'all coulda seen me back in high school
Backpack grey range black Ac'
Coulda had the stack out just to get a stack back
Double that school dance
Fresh jakes new pants
Back but fuck bitches get money was the new chat
It started out a boy like Hugh Grant
Now I'm a young man doin things you can't



I swear to Lord, same dudes use to laugh at me
See me in the CL6 with half a bead
They know that money begets money so naturally,
Me, I have to blow a couple stacks, hassle free
I'm like fuck ya'll haters on behalf of me
Cause I could flood the city with a staff of three
I'm talkin me and two partners in that caprice
With no copies made, I got the master keys
And fast cars, fast women, fast cash, and c.r.e.a.m
Commode you rappers like plasticine
I have the dream, but dawg, me and success are two things you don't wanna find yo ass between
Back against the wall like plasma screens
The inside of my wallet is pastured green
And you are now hangin with the asthma team
Sweetie catch your breath while I smash the scene
I should leave earth, nothin left to do here
Everyday is Christmas and every night is New Years
Say whatever, I never been concerned about who hears
Call my town Sparta and I'm comin with two spears
I'm tellin you dawg, always got the spring collection in fall
I run my bill up makin executive calls
And with me, women be bulidin these skeptical walls
But once you've slept with one dime, man you've slept with 'em all
Family, money, and music is all I ever knew
My necklace suffer from depression, it's forever blue
Cheer up baby you don't see all this revenue?
I started the game at level two
I'm sayin, stop actin like teen girls are my only market
I parallel to fly and spurk, Tony Barket
And it's cool if you spill something, it's only carpet
That's why I get my interior color only dark shit
Toronto's where you livin today, then you ain't makin records that people are driven to play
I would advise you to really make a move sooner than later
Cause these are only the joints that I'm givin away, you feel me?



[TALKING:]
I do this for ya'll man
Malice, Nickelus F, it's the REMIX!

[VERSE 1: Malice]
Lights slow motion, steppin' out the Phantom
All eyes on me, peekin' and glancin'
Leanin' on the wall, with b-boys dancin'
Ears, neck, and wrists lookin' like the king's ransom
One chick, each arm, makin' it a tandem
Flat here costing' like fifty grand standard
Bottles poppin', cars wit' options
We livin' like kings, homie, you just watchin'
And I'm a show for ya, marble flo' for ya
And that thing in the driveway, came with the spoiler
I ain't bluffin', cop jewels off the Russian
Diamonds in the Jesus, look like he's blushin'
Miami breezes, we cross seasons
Escaped indictments, thank you Jesus
Y'all haters ain't even got a clue
While we get this paper, and that's how we do

[BACKGROUND:]
R-E U-P G-A-N-G
R-E U-P G-A-N-G

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 2:]
Check, the verses I'm writing you might wanna learn it
You hatin my song but your wife wanna burn it
So now you at the store for some blank CDs
You can't see me, for your sake might wanna return it
Cause, if you bring them discs home to ya girl, she'll forget you
and I'll be the only one she concerned with
To the people that ignored me before this
This one is for you as a song re-recorded
Funny thing is, you just notice me now but I was here along
your vision's just been distorted
I'm so [?] I live this, you ask me what the business
and I write a sixteen and record it, uh
The waiting is over I think music need it
Drake cuttin his records without gettin weeded
People in the South want it chopped and screwed, I got this dude
they expectations Imma exceed it uh
Like a singer with only backgrounds ya'll record it
When it's done ya lyrics tend to mislead ish
Finally here Imma star with the timing
My swagger is chill, and my flow is reclining
This for anybody that's searchin for cash, and purchasing fast
you only get the dough when you grindin
And so I grind like I'm listening to I Wayne
MY pain, you can experience through the rhyming boy!

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 3: Nickelus F]

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do



[Drake]
Yeah, look...
Me and sos? we from two different walks of life
usually we understand theres a problem we don't talk to vice
the watch is yellowy-green thas sum awkward ice
I never signed for a mill' but been offered twice
I'm awful nice, lyrics that I often write
Spyin no talent rappers to get off the mic
And I could pick you up from work when you get off the night
drop you at the house soon as you get off the pike, man
I flow so cool like autumn nights
When I body this, tell me if the coffin's light
but don't try and tell me that a dolphins white
mislead drake that is not at all polite
It's a shame cause that's how the biz goes
Imagine if these other niggas flop and his blows
Bet I get a co-sign somethin like no time
They'll be trynna sub a nigga in like Quizno's

[Chorus: Sos & Drake]
All I need is sum weight, my scale, sum money for bail
A lil booth at the club for the whole cartel
nigga my drink, my smoke, a bird on E
And somethin heavy on my waist man I'm easy to please
I need my moms, my pa, a bottle of cliqua
the whole ATF you kno who we are..
my women, my money, and leave me the keys
of somethin fast and I'm good man I'm easy to please



D-d-d-d-damn what did I consume
Somethin spinnin fast either me or it's the room
I bet you it's the room cause I don't do no drugs
Or maybe it's that 'tron cause I sure do have a buzz
Baby either way I'm throwed and I am on a mission
So if ya ears a virgin id advise you not to listen
Cause this shit isn't kosher and this shit isn't christian
It's that muthafuckin heat you can find up in kitchen
Girl holla at yo nigga I got that shit for low
Ok maybe I don't but guarantee someone I know
Wait let me slow it down (down) I'm gettin ahead (head)
Plus it's gettin hot so I'm a take a seat instead (stead)
I'm lucky I ain't dead (dead) I'm on a rollercoaster ride ya'll
We all of age and I ain't got nothin to hide ya'll
And in this game I'm a tidal when the tides small
So drop me in and I release just like a time bomb

Every record that I've done the station here done played it
This the city that I run this the shit that I created
They tellin me I'm the one and I haven't even made it
Maybe I'm hearin thangs cause I'm feelin like I'm faded

I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded
I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded



Yeah Man (Aye)
You already know what it is (Aye)
Trey called Trigga (Aye)
Aye man (Aye)
Show them why you rappin homie (Aye)
Look

[Chorus]
I aint never been nothin but a underdog
And I aint gonna neva let a nigga hold me under dog
Still ride in the drop
With my mind on the knot
You niggas never take what I got
For my underdog

Just copped new shoes
Whip on two twos
Dick down you two
Throw it on youtube
Tell me what youd do
If I was to do you
Baby after one time
Sure to make you come back
Back like spinal
Stack like dominoes
Catch me out in Mexico
Hasta Manana though
Hasta la vista
Chest full of reefer
Rep for my set till the day I meet the reaper
Petersburg veteran
USA resident
In USA Today it aint a city I aint never been
Scared I aint never been
Yea I aint never been
Nothing but a underdog
But I'm never under yall
Still keep it under there
Right by the underwears
Still in the hood yeah
I aint talking outer wear
They be moving powder there
Which one of you out of there
Wanna get it
Cuz I'm with it
f**k yall the underdog

[Chorus x1]

Said I got my city buzzin
You should take a trip and view it
Shout out to Mr.Rogers
Cuz he's supposed to chop and screw it
And my liscense just expired
So I got to go renew it
Cuz I just bought a truck
And I am dying to debut it
And naw it aint a Buick
I never redezvous it
I'm just in the 'Burg with Trigga
And I'm faded off the fluid
I made alot of money
Then I went ahead and blew it
Now I'm trying to make it back
So how the f**k you want to do it
My nigga you better do it(Aye)...do it
I say this here's a practice song
And lately I been out in Hollywood
Just acting wrong
What up to Jackie Long
I f**k with Jackie Long
I clown other dudes on the low
I like to laugh alone
I get my cash alone
That's why I shop alone
This here's my uncle's car
I drive it and the top is gone
Your skin looks like you bathe in magnesia
And coppertone
And girl I heard your man's a fed
Don't bring that cop along
I'm running every single light
Aint one I'm stopping on
This here's a classic jump
That big things are popping on
So baby wipe me down
I sell a watch and swap a home
I'm in this solo
No I do not have a chaperone
I'm in a proper zone
That's right the doctor's home
This here's my time
And I don't even think your clock is on
I am a trader
And I'm telling you my stock is grown
I run my city
Got it mobile like the lock is gone
Keys out
I aint talking white though
Baby what you be's bout
I mean for tonight ho
If I break them trees out
Pull them Double D's out
So I can J Holiday that ass
Before I leave's out
Holla at me shawty

[Chorus x1]



[Drake:]
Yeah, 9th Wonder! Don't judge me man
They tend to say that us rappers are materialistic
They say we lack substance
Me, 'Te and El' bout to prove 'em wrong though

[Chorus: Drake]
Uh, we know what you're thinking love
You think we out smoking and drinking love
Pushing big whips, chains clinking love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me
We know how you speculate
Thinking we gon' hit your friend if you object to date
Claim we're early and be showing up extra late love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me

[Drake:]
Uh, El' be saying that I'm humble, I'm hella nice
For that I've been approached to sign to Roc-A-Fella twice
Haters tell you all the rumors they heard
And we laugh soon as you come and tell me like I'm Ellen Brice
My groove theory is that when you too cheery
They try to bring you down to the level they at
Well when they are all unhappy, then it gets a little sticky
That's why I am Little Nicky to these devils in rap
But, uh, they ain't thinking Drake get smart girl
Nah, they probably think I'll break your heart girl
Haha, I can't lie, you probably right about it
And if you give me the ass quick, I'll probably write about it
But I hate it when they judge me on how I sound
I mean I spit that influential shit from my town
I don't know why you sitting on the couch
When you see I got a bed, bring your ass here and lie down
You think taking your purse off
Will lead to me, you taking shirts off and then your skirt off
At least I got status because I could've been a local emcee
And you probably would've been worse off
So I'm a take this hat off, and I'm a hit it till I backs off
And then I'm back sorrowful
Cause you thinking you can predict what happen
You the reason I'm thinking I'm getting sick of rapping

[Chorus]

[Phonte:]
You probably think I walk around with my gun tucked and
Swang dick to these hoes like nunchucks
Well, you can think what you want but
I think you've been watching too much BET: Uncut
You need to get real and check out my real life
I ain't a tip-trail, don't care what it smell like
But if you feel like putting all your notions aside
And talking to a real nigga, I'd gladly oblige
First name Phonte, I'd be pleased to date ya
College educated, got degrees in papers
But I'm from the South where if you ain't snapping
Or rapping bout trapping youse a freak of nature
Such an anomaly, speak so well
And talk so collegy, such an astonishing
Contrast to all the bullshit you've been following
On behalf of them, I offer my apologies
Maybe with me you'll unlearn
Putting all niggas in a box of concerns
Me, cause I ain't dumb, shit I'm well reared/red like sunburn
And after me you'll never leave no stone unturned, uh, c'mon

[Chorus]

[Elzhi:]
They say you never judge a book by it's cover
Though you appear as materialistic, just like the others
So I followed your words to take 'em in
And I don't see what you saying so they coming off paper thin
That's when I felt that I would need to
Do more than just look you up and down to see if I could read you
And try to get inside your head only
Not just stick my fingers in your middle to get you to spread for me
So what I learned on my path to discover?
Your story took one ugly turn after another
I saw we wasn't on the same page
I would've gave you strong play but your words rubbed me the wrong way
So now I'm closing the case
You only out for the paperback that's written all over your face
No El' will never judge a book by it's cover
Until he seen what was in between and looked at what lies are under

[Chorus]



[Drake:]
Me and you so crucial baby and that champagne so fuchsia baby
I do things that you ain't used to baby
And take you back home to St. Lucia baby
When raindrops hit the tin roof it's crazy,
That's a metaphor did I lose you baby?

When you are wet
And covered in sweat
I wipe your ass down like Boosie baby

I love all my feed back
Tell me to give it to you if you need that
Touch right there whatever the speed's at
If it's over fast then I promise you a relapse

Forget what you guessin' I'm on
And who was in yo past
I'm a freshly grown
Just charge that cell that I message you on
And if you let us girl I'm a bring the dresser along

You hear that professional tone?
Half of that's ice and the rest PatrÃ³n
Show up on time for the class I'm teachin
'Cause guaranteed I'm a bring a lesson along

An you just gotta bring yo breasts along
Instead of holding out wondering what it could've been
I confess this address to you and
I'm the postman lookin for a slot I can put it in

With no NY number
Mom's still upstairs I'm two floors under
But my room's soundproof
You so tempted
To satisfy your urge so you don't wonder (yeah)

I know I told you before
I'll grab that for you like holdin' the door
'Cause mines is Polo and yours is Vicky
And they just spread all over the floor, like

[Robin Thicke:]
You feel so good
You smell so good
You feel so warm
Just like I knew you would
I can't let you go
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you
Teach you teach you teach you

You can call me professor
But baby you broke the rules
You won't get the grade you want
Unless you stay after school
You can work it off
Baby I can give you extra credit
But there's something else
You were late to school
Teach you teach you teach you
Girl can I frisk you
Search your body for
You look so guilty to me
If I make you nervous
It's 'cause you're hiding WMDs
And I'm gonna sentence you
Baby you can do your time on me
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someone's gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl



[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Drake:]
Nah,
I never needed advice about
All the things you liked to do when it was lights out
I drove nice cars
I got a nice house
But now I'm steady missing you like a strikeout
I always wished I would of cared more
That's my only feeling inside when ever I get a song done
I'm scared that every girl I care for
Will find a better man and end up happier in the long run
Ya, and when she not by my side
And I hear that she gone
Now it's like a shock to my pride
I don't care if she know
Cause that's basically just a male ego
Speaking aloud to some real people
But you can bounce back
Go ladies,
More records, more sex, more babies
Yeah, wanna grant one of my wishes
Tired missing you, I'm tryna make you a misses

[Trey Songz:]
I miss the way you kiss
I miss the way wear them heels and make it switch
Miss the way ya hair blows in the wind
And I miss you staying here till the morning
Miss the way you put on your makeup
Miss the way you love me too much
It's everything about you baby
Wanna know where you been lately
Do you go out, do you still live at your old house
Do you got somebody new in your life
Cause I can't get you outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop

[Trey Songz:]
Missin everything you say,
Missin all the crazy love we made
Why'd you throw it all away
I want you to know it's been hell tryna do this with out you here
Baby 07' supposed to be our year
You confront my worst fears
And I had my doubts every time you was going out
Cause I knew you were tellin' me lies
And I can't get that outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Bridge:]
Wish I, Could wake up and forget about you
Not tryin to call you when I know I want to
(O wish I,) I gotta fight this feeling can't let it take over me
You just don't understand how much you were apart of me

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Oooo No) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop, missing you
I can't stop, missing you
(I don't wanna stop) I can't stop missing you
(Baby) I can't stop missing you,
No, No, No, No
I can't stop, Missin you



[Chorus: Andreena Mill]
I gotta make it out, or move quickly
Can't allow the past to restrict me
Bet this time around they won't skip me
I am the last hope
Don't hesitate not even for a second
The hustle has become an obsession
I'm on the front lines with my weapon
I am the last hope

[Verse 1: Kardinall Offishall]
Can you i-magine the last breath of Christ?
The last breath of Christopher Wallace on that faithful night
The last step that Martin Luther took as a man
I got the power of my world in my hand
The microphone brings life and death in the blink of an eye
I was born to provoke those born to die
I was conceived to beat all odds like Las Vegas
T-dot motherfucker watch the world rape us
Greatest strugglers hustle to succeed
Cross border smugglers tussle to burn weed
It means that pressure of success in the south
Niggas watchin' what I say magnifying my mouth
I never take back talk I apply the force
Hand blistering from many years of holdin' the torch
When the skin rebuilds it grows tougher than leather
So we can keep on holdin' it forever
My names Kardinall

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Drake]
Jealousy's suttin I haven't felt for years
There's nobody around for me to be jealous of
I bet you do a show in my city and no one cheers
Even if you make the music that ladies and fellas love and dove
I'm incredible fuckin' unforgettable
And when it comes to records 
I will eat it if it's edible
They say the futures always foreseen
That's why I'm steady getting more money, more cream
My flow is stuck in the moment that comes before dreams
I stay avoiding unlucky like 14
And people get behind 'im and they fight for 'im 
'Cause he wont let no other niggas write for 'im
And even when it's quite warm
The attitude coursing through the veins of my city is a ice storm
The name Drake and I don't take it for granted
I just take it you offended 'cause I'm taking advantage mayne

[Chorus]



[Intro]
I've got it made thats what I'm talking about
Goin down to the fashion store and get myself fitted out
Goin down to the dealers buy myself a brand new car
So me and my lady can riiiide

Check
I wish y'all coulda seen me back in high school
Backpack grey range black Ac'
Coulda had the stack out just to get a stack back
Double that school dance
Fresh jakes new pants
Back but fuck bitches get money was the new chat
It started out a boy like Hugh Grant
Now I'm a young man doin things you can't



I swear to Lord, same dudes use to laugh at me
See me in the CL6 with half a bead
They know that money begets money so naturally,
Me, I have to blow a couple stacks, hassle free
I'm like fuck ya'll haters on behalf of me
Cause I could flood the city with a staff of three
I'm talkin me and two partners in that caprice
With no copies made, I got the master keys
And fast cars, fast women, fast cash, and c.r.e.a.m
Commode you rappers like plasticine
I have the dream, but dawg, me and success are two things you don't wanna find yo ass between
Back against the wall like plasma screens
The inside of my wallet is pastured green
And you are now hangin with the asthma team
Sweetie catch your breath while I smash the scene
I should leave earth, nothin left to do here
Everyday is Christmas and every night is New Years
Say whatever, I never been concerned about who hears
Call my town Sparta and I'm comin with two spears
I'm tellin you dawg, always got the spring collection in fall
I run my bill up makin executive calls
And with me, women be bulidin these skeptical walls
But once you've slept with one dime, man you've slept with 'em all
Family, money, and music is all I ever knew
My necklace suffer from depression, it's forever blue
Cheer up baby you don't see all this revenue?
I started the game at level two
I'm sayin, stop actin like teen girls are my only market
I parallel to fly and spurk, Tony Barket
And it's cool if you spill something, it's only carpet
That's why I get my interior color only dark shit
Toronto's where you livin today, then you ain't makin records that people are driven to play
I would advise you to really make a move sooner than later
Cause these are only the joints that I'm givin away, you feel me?



[TALKING:]
I do this for ya'll man
Malice, Nickelus F, it's the REMIX!

[VERSE 1: Malice]
Lights slow motion, steppin' out the Phantom
All eyes on me, peekin' and glancin'
Leanin' on the wall, with b-boys dancin'
Ears, neck, and wrists lookin' like the king's ransom
One chick, each arm, makin' it a tandem
Flat here costing' like fifty grand standard
Bottles poppin', cars wit' options
We livin' like kings, homie, you just watchin'
And I'm a show for ya, marble flo' for ya
And that thing in the driveway, came with the spoiler
I ain't bluffin', cop jewels off the Russian
Diamonds in the Jesus, look like he's blushin'
Miami breezes, we cross seasons
Escaped indictments, thank you Jesus
Y'all haters ain't even got a clue
While we get this paper, and that's how we do

[BACKGROUND:]
R-E U-P G-A-N-G
R-E U-P G-A-N-G

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 2:]
Check, the verses I'm writing you might wanna learn it
You hatin my song but your wife wanna burn it
So now you at the store for some blank CDs
You can't see me, for your sake might wanna return it
Cause, if you bring them discs home to ya girl, she'll forget you
and I'll be the only one she concerned with
To the people that ignored me before this
This one is for you as a song re-recorded
Funny thing is, you just notice me now but I was here along
your vision's just been distorted
I'm so [?] I live this, you ask me what the business
and I write a sixteen and record it, uh
The waiting is over I think music need it
Drake cuttin his records without gettin weeded
People in the South want it chopped and screwed, I got this dude
they expectations Imma exceed it uh
Like a singer with only backgrounds ya'll record it
When it's done ya lyrics tend to mislead ish
Finally here Imma star with the timing
My swagger is chill, and my flow is reclining
This for anybody that's searchin for cash, and purchasing fast
you only get the dough when you grindin
And so I grind like I'm listening to I Wayne
MY pain, you can experience through the rhyming boy!

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 3: Nickelus F]

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do



[Drake]
Yeah, look...
Me and sos? we from two different walks of life
usually we understand theres a problem we don't talk to vice
the watch is yellowy-green thas sum awkward ice
I never signed for a mill' but been offered twice
I'm awful nice, lyrics that I often write
Spyin no talent rappers to get off the mic
And I could pick you up from work when you get off the night
drop you at the house soon as you get off the pike, man
I flow so cool like autumn nights
When I body this, tell me if the coffin's light
but don't try and tell me that a dolphins white
mislead drake that is not at all polite
It's a shame cause that's how the biz goes
Imagine if these other niggas flop and his blows
Bet I get a co-sign somethin like no time
They'll be trynna sub a nigga in like Quizno's

[Chorus: Sos & Drake]
All I need is sum weight, my scale, sum money for bail
A lil booth at the club for the whole cartel
nigga my drink, my smoke, a bird on E
And somethin heavy on my waist man I'm easy to please
I need my moms, my pa, a bottle of cliqua
the whole ATF you kno who we are..
my women, my money, and leave me the keys
of somethin fast and I'm good man I'm easy to please



D-d-d-d-damn what did I consume
Somethin spinnin fast either me or it's the room
I bet you it's the room cause I don't do no drugs
Or maybe it's that 'tron cause I sure do have a buzz
Baby either way I'm throwed and I am on a mission
So if ya ears a virgin id advise you not to listen
Cause this shit isn't kosher and this shit isn't christian
It's that muthafuckin heat you can find up in kitchen
Girl holla at yo nigga I got that shit for low
Ok maybe I don't but guarantee someone I know
Wait let me slow it down (down) I'm gettin ahead (head)
Plus it's gettin hot so I'm a take a seat instead (stead)
I'm lucky I ain't dead (dead) I'm on a rollercoaster ride ya'll
We all of age and I ain't got nothin to hide ya'll
And in this game I'm a tidal when the tides small
So drop me in and I release just like a time bomb

Every record that I've done the station here done played it
This the city that I run this the shit that I created
They tellin me I'm the one and I haven't even made it
Maybe I'm hearin thangs cause I'm feelin like I'm faded

I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded
I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded



Yeah Man (Aye)
You already know what it is (Aye)
Trey called Trigga (Aye)
Aye man (Aye)
Show them why you rappin homie (Aye)
Look

[Chorus]
I aint never been nothin but a underdog
And I aint gonna neva let a nigga hold me under dog
Still ride in the drop
With my mind on the knot
You niggas never take what I got
For my underdog

Just copped new shoes
Whip on two twos
Dick down you two
Throw it on youtube
Tell me what youd do
If I was to do you
Baby after one time
Sure to make you come back
Back like spinal
Stack like dominoes
Catch me out in Mexico
Hasta Manana though
Hasta la vista
Chest full of reefer
Rep for my set till the day I meet the reaper
Petersburg veteran
USA resident
In USA Today it aint a city I aint never been
Scared I aint never been
Yea I aint never been
Nothing but a underdog
But I'm never under yall
Still keep it under there
Right by the underwears
Still in the hood yeah
I aint talking outer wear
They be moving powder there
Which one of you out of there
Wanna get it
Cuz I'm with it
f**k yall the underdog

[Chorus x1]

Said I got my city buzzin
You should take a trip and view it
Shout out to Mr.Rogers
Cuz he's supposed to chop and screw it
And my liscense just expired
So I got to go renew it
Cuz I just bought a truck
And I am dying to debut it
And naw it aint a Buick
I never redezvous it
I'm just in the 'Burg with Trigga
And I'm faded off the fluid
I made alot of money
Then I went ahead and blew it
Now I'm trying to make it back
So how the f**k you want to do it
My nigga you better do it(Aye)...do it
I say this here's a practice song
And lately I been out in Hollywood
Just acting wrong
What up to Jackie Long
I f**k with Jackie Long
I clown other dudes on the low
I like to laugh alone
I get my cash alone
That's why I shop alone
This here's my uncle's car
I drive it and the top is gone
Your skin looks like you bathe in magnesia
And coppertone
And girl I heard your man's a fed
Don't bring that cop along
I'm running every single light
Aint one I'm stopping on
This here's a classic jump
That big things are popping on
So baby wipe me down
I sell a watch and swap a home
I'm in this solo
No I do not have a chaperone
I'm in a proper zone
That's right the doctor's home
This here's my time
And I don't even think your clock is on
I am a trader
And I'm telling you my stock is grown
I run my city
Got it mobile like the lock is gone
Keys out
I aint talking white though
Baby what you be's bout
I mean for tonight ho
If I break them trees out
Pull them Double D's out
So I can J Holiday that ass
Before I leave's out
Holla at me shawty

[Chorus x1]



[Drake:]
Yeah, 9th Wonder! Don't judge me man
They tend to say that us rappers are materialistic
They say we lack substance
Me, 'Te and El' bout to prove 'em wrong though

[Chorus: Drake]
Uh, we know what you're thinking love
You think we out smoking and drinking love
Pushing big whips, chains clinking love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me
We know how you speculate
Thinking we gon' hit your friend if you object to date
Claim we're early and be showing up extra late love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me

[Drake:]
Uh, El' be saying that I'm humble, I'm hella nice
For that I've been approached to sign to Roc-A-Fella twice
Haters tell you all the rumors they heard
And we laugh soon as you come and tell me like I'm Ellen Brice
My groove theory is that when you too cheery
They try to bring you down to the level they at
Well when they are all unhappy, then it gets a little sticky
That's why I am Little Nicky to these devils in rap
But, uh, they ain't thinking Drake get smart girl
Nah, they probably think I'll break your heart girl
Haha, I can't lie, you probably right about it
And if you give me the ass quick, I'll probably write about it
But I hate it when they judge me on how I sound
I mean I spit that influential shit from my town
I don't know why you sitting on the couch
When you see I got a bed, bring your ass here and lie down
You think taking your purse off
Will lead to me, you taking shirts off and then your skirt off
At least I got status because I could've been a local emcee
And you probably would've been worse off
So I'm a take this hat off, and I'm a hit it till I backs off
And then I'm back sorrowful
Cause you thinking you can predict what happen
You the reason I'm thinking I'm getting sick of rapping

[Chorus]

[Phonte:]
You probably think I walk around with my gun tucked and
Swang dick to these hoes like nunchucks
Well, you can think what you want but
I think you've been watching too much BET: Uncut
You need to get real and check out my real life
I ain't a tip-trail, don't care what it smell like
But if you feel like putting all your notions aside
And talking to a real nigga, I'd gladly oblige
First name Phonte, I'd be pleased to date ya
College educated, got degrees in papers
But I'm from the South where if you ain't snapping
Or rapping bout trapping youse a freak of nature
Such an anomaly, speak so well
And talk so collegy, such an astonishing
Contrast to all the bullshit you've been following
On behalf of them, I offer my apologies
Maybe with me you'll unlearn
Putting all niggas in a box of concerns
Me, cause I ain't dumb, shit I'm well reared/red like sunburn
And after me you'll never leave no stone unturned, uh, c'mon

[Chorus]

[Elzhi:]
They say you never judge a book by it's cover
Though you appear as materialistic, just like the others
So I followed your words to take 'em in
And I don't see what you saying so they coming off paper thin
That's when I felt that I would need to
Do more than just look you up and down to see if I could read you
And try to get inside your head only
Not just stick my fingers in your middle to get you to spread for me
So what I learned on my path to discover?
Your story took one ugly turn after another
I saw we wasn't on the same page
I would've gave you strong play but your words rubbed me the wrong way
So now I'm closing the case
You only out for the paperback that's written all over your face
No El' will never judge a book by it's cover
Until he seen what was in between and looked at what lies are under

[Chorus]



[Drake:]
Me and you so crucial baby and that champagne so fuchsia baby
I do things that you ain't used to baby
And take you back home to St. Lucia baby
When raindrops hit the tin roof it's crazy,
That's a metaphor did I lose you baby?

When you are wet
And covered in sweat
I wipe your ass down like Boosie baby

I love all my feed back
Tell me to give it to you if you need that
Touch right there whatever the speed's at
If it's over fast then I promise you a relapse

Forget what you guessin' I'm on
And who was in yo past
I'm a freshly grown
Just charge that cell that I message you on
And if you let us girl I'm a bring the dresser along

You hear that professional tone?
Half of that's ice and the rest PatrÃ³n
Show up on time for the class I'm teachin
'Cause guaranteed I'm a bring a lesson along

An you just gotta bring yo breasts along
Instead of holding out wondering what it could've been
I confess this address to you and
I'm the postman lookin for a slot I can put it in

With no NY number
Mom's still upstairs I'm two floors under
But my room's soundproof
You so tempted
To satisfy your urge so you don't wonder (yeah)

I know I told you before
I'll grab that for you like holdin' the door
'Cause mines is Polo and yours is Vicky
And they just spread all over the floor, like

[Robin Thicke:]
You feel so good
You smell so good
You feel so warm
Just like I knew you would
I can't let you go
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you
Teach you teach you teach you

You can call me professor
But baby you broke the rules
You won't get the grade you want
Unless you stay after school
You can work it off
Baby I can give you extra credit
But there's something else
You were late to school
Teach you teach you teach you
Girl can I frisk you
Search your body for
You look so guilty to me
If I make you nervous
It's 'cause you're hiding WMDs
And I'm gonna sentence you
Baby you can do your time on me
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someone's gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl



[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Drake:]
Nah,
I never needed advice about
All the things you liked to do when it was lights out
I drove nice cars
I got a nice house
But now I'm steady missing you like a strikeout
I always wished I would of cared more
That's my only feeling inside when ever I get a song done
I'm scared that every girl I care for
Will find a better man and end up happier in the long run
Ya, and when she not by my side
And I hear that she gone
Now it's like a shock to my pride
I don't care if she know
Cause that's basically just a male ego
Speaking aloud to some real people
But you can bounce back
Go ladies,
More records, more sex, more babies
Yeah, wanna grant one of my wishes
Tired missing you, I'm tryna make you a misses

[Trey Songz:]
I miss the way you kiss
I miss the way wear them heels and make it switch
Miss the way ya hair blows in the wind
And I miss you staying here till the morning
Miss the way you put on your makeup
Miss the way you love me too much
It's everything about you baby
Wanna know where you been lately
Do you go out, do you still live at your old house
Do you got somebody new in your life
Cause I can't get you outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop

[Trey Songz:]
Missin everything you say,
Missin all the crazy love we made
Why'd you throw it all away
I want you to know it's been hell tryna do this with out you here
Baby 07' supposed to be our year
You confront my worst fears
And I had my doubts every time you was going out
Cause I knew you were tellin' me lies
And I can't get that outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Bridge:]
Wish I, Could wake up and forget about you
Not tryin to call you when I know I want to
(O wish I,) I gotta fight this feeling can't let it take over me
You just don't understand how much you were apart of me

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Oooo No) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop, missing you
I can't stop, missing you
(I don't wanna stop) I can't stop missing you
(Baby) I can't stop missing you,
No, No, No, No
I can't stop, Missin you



[Chorus: Andreena Mill]
I gotta make it out, or move quickly
Can't allow the past to restrict me
Bet this time around they won't skip me
I am the last hope
Don't hesitate not even for a second
The hustle has become an obsession
I'm on the front lines with my weapon
I am the last hope

[Verse 1: Kardinall Offishall]
Can you i-magine the last breath of Christ?
The last breath of Christopher Wallace on that faithful night
The last step that Martin Luther took as a man
I got the power of my world in my hand
The microphone brings life and death in the blink of an eye
I was born to provoke those born to die
I was conceived to beat all odds like Las Vegas
T-dot motherfucker watch the world rape us
Greatest strugglers hustle to succeed
Cross border smugglers tussle to burn weed
It means that pressure of success in the south
Niggas watchin' what I say magnifying my mouth
I never take back talk I apply the force
Hand blistering from many years of holdin' the torch
When the skin rebuilds it grows tougher than leather
So we can keep on holdin' it forever
My names Kardinall

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Drake]
Jealousy's suttin I haven't felt for years
There's nobody around for me to be jealous of
I bet you do a show in my city and no one cheers
Even if you make the music that ladies and fellas love and dove
I'm incredible fuckin' unforgettable
And when it comes to records 
I will eat it if it's edible
They say the futures always foreseen
That's why I'm steady getting more money, more cream
My flow is stuck in the moment that comes before dreams
I stay avoiding unlucky like 14
And people get behind 'im and they fight for 'im 
'Cause he wont let no other niggas write for 'im
And even when it's quite warm
The attitude coursing through the veins of my city is a ice storm
The name Drake and I don't take it for granted
I just take it you offended 'cause I'm taking advantage mayne

[Chorus]



[Intro]
I've got it made thats what I'm talking about
Goin down to the fashion store and get myself fitted out
Goin down to the dealers buy myself a brand new car
So me and my lady can riiiide

Check
I wish y'all coulda seen me back in high school
Backpack grey range black Ac'
Coulda had the stack out just to get a stack back
Double that school dance
Fresh jakes new pants
Back but fuck bitches get money was the new chat
It started out a boy like Hugh Grant
Now I'm a young man doin things you can't



I swear to Lord, same dudes use to laugh at me
See me in the CL6 with half a bead
They know that money begets money so naturally,
Me, I have to blow a couple stacks, hassle free
I'm like fuck ya'll haters on behalf of me
Cause I could flood the city with a staff of three
I'm talkin me and two partners in that caprice
With no copies made, I got the master keys
And fast cars, fast women, fast cash, and c.r.e.a.m
Commode you rappers like plasticine
I have the dream, but dawg, me and success are two things you don't wanna find yo ass between
Back against the wall like plasma screens
The inside of my wallet is pastured green
And you are now hangin with the asthma team
Sweetie catch your breath while I smash the scene
I should leave earth, nothin left to do here
Everyday is Christmas and every night is New Years
Say whatever, I never been concerned about who hears
Call my town Sparta and I'm comin with two spears
I'm tellin you dawg, always got the spring collection in fall
I run my bill up makin executive calls
And with me, women be bulidin these skeptical walls
But once you've slept with one dime, man you've slept with 'em all
Family, money, and music is all I ever knew
My necklace suffer from depression, it's forever blue
Cheer up baby you don't see all this revenue?
I started the game at level two
I'm sayin, stop actin like teen girls are my only market
I parallel to fly and spurk, Tony Barket
And it's cool if you spill something, it's only carpet
That's why I get my interior color only dark shit
Toronto's where you livin today, then you ain't makin records that people are driven to play
I would advise you to really make a move sooner than later
Cause these are only the joints that I'm givin away, you feel me?



[TALKING:]
I do this for ya'll man
Malice, Nickelus F, it's the REMIX!

[VERSE 1: Malice]
Lights slow motion, steppin' out the Phantom
All eyes on me, peekin' and glancin'
Leanin' on the wall, with b-boys dancin'
Ears, neck, and wrists lookin' like the king's ransom
One chick, each arm, makin' it a tandem
Flat here costing' like fifty grand standard
Bottles poppin', cars wit' options
We livin' like kings, homie, you just watchin'
And I'm a show for ya, marble flo' for ya
And that thing in the driveway, came with the spoiler
I ain't bluffin', cop jewels off the Russian
Diamonds in the Jesus, look like he's blushin'
Miami breezes, we cross seasons
Escaped indictments, thank you Jesus
Y'all haters ain't even got a clue
While we get this paper, and that's how we do

[BACKGROUND:]
R-E U-P G-A-N-G
R-E U-P G-A-N-G

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 2:]
Check, the verses I'm writing you might wanna learn it
You hatin my song but your wife wanna burn it
So now you at the store for some blank CDs
You can't see me, for your sake might wanna return it
Cause, if you bring them discs home to ya girl, she'll forget you
and I'll be the only one she concerned with
To the people that ignored me before this
This one is for you as a song re-recorded
Funny thing is, you just notice me now but I was here along
your vision's just been distorted
I'm so [?] I live this, you ask me what the business
and I write a sixteen and record it, uh
The waiting is over I think music need it
Drake cuttin his records without gettin weeded
People in the South want it chopped and screwed, I got this dude
they expectations Imma exceed it uh
Like a singer with only backgrounds ya'll record it
When it's done ya lyrics tend to mislead ish
Finally here Imma star with the timing
My swagger is chill, and my flow is reclining
This for anybody that's searchin for cash, and purchasing fast
you only get the dough when you grindin
And so I grind like I'm listening to I Wayne
MY pain, you can experience through the rhyming boy!

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 3: Nickelus F]

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do



[Drake]
Yeah, look...
Me and sos? we from two different walks of life
usually we understand theres a problem we don't talk to vice
the watch is yellowy-green thas sum awkward ice
I never signed for a mill' but been offered twice
I'm awful nice, lyrics that I often write
Spyin no talent rappers to get off the mic
And I could pick you up from work when you get off the night
drop you at the house soon as you get off the pike, man
I flow so cool like autumn nights
When I body this, tell me if the coffin's light
but don't try and tell me that a dolphins white
mislead drake that is not at all polite
It's a shame cause that's how the biz goes
Imagine if these other niggas flop and his blows
Bet I get a co-sign somethin like no time
They'll be trynna sub a nigga in like Quizno's

[Chorus: Sos & Drake]
All I need is sum weight, my scale, sum money for bail
A lil booth at the club for the whole cartel
nigga my drink, my smoke, a bird on E
And somethin heavy on my waist man I'm easy to please
I need my moms, my pa, a bottle of cliqua
the whole ATF you kno who we are..
my women, my money, and leave me the keys
of somethin fast and I'm good man I'm easy to please



D-d-d-d-damn what did I consume
Somethin spinnin fast either me or it's the room
I bet you it's the room cause I don't do no drugs
Or maybe it's that 'tron cause I sure do have a buzz
Baby either way I'm throwed and I am on a mission
So if ya ears a virgin id advise you not to listen
Cause this shit isn't kosher and this shit isn't christian
It's that muthafuckin heat you can find up in kitchen
Girl holla at yo nigga I got that shit for low
Ok maybe I don't but guarantee someone I know
Wait let me slow it down (down) I'm gettin ahead (head)
Plus it's gettin hot so I'm a take a seat instead (stead)
I'm lucky I ain't dead (dead) I'm on a rollercoaster ride ya'll
We all of age and I ain't got nothin to hide ya'll
And in this game I'm a tidal when the tides small
So drop me in and I release just like a time bomb

Every record that I've done the station here done played it
This the city that I run this the shit that I created
They tellin me I'm the one and I haven't even made it
Maybe I'm hearin thangs cause I'm feelin like I'm faded

I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded
I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded



Yeah Man (Aye)
You already know what it is (Aye)
Trey called Trigga (Aye)
Aye man (Aye)
Show them why you rappin homie (Aye)
Look

[Chorus]
I aint never been nothin but a underdog
And I aint gonna neva let a nigga hold me under dog
Still ride in the drop
With my mind on the knot
You niggas never take what I got
For my underdog

Just copped new shoes
Whip on two twos
Dick down you two
Throw it on youtube
Tell me what youd do
If I was to do you
Baby after one time
Sure to make you come back
Back like spinal
Stack like dominoes
Catch me out in Mexico
Hasta Manana though
Hasta la vista
Chest full of reefer
Rep for my set till the day I meet the reaper
Petersburg veteran
USA resident
In USA Today it aint a city I aint never been
Scared I aint never been
Yea I aint never been
Nothing but a underdog
But I'm never under yall
Still keep it under there
Right by the underwears
Still in the hood yeah
I aint talking outer wear
They be moving powder there
Which one of you out of there
Wanna get it
Cuz I'm with it
f**k yall the underdog

[Chorus x1]

Said I got my city buzzin
You should take a trip and view it
Shout out to Mr.Rogers
Cuz he's supposed to chop and screw it
And my liscense just expired
So I got to go renew it
Cuz I just bought a truck
And I am dying to debut it
And naw it aint a Buick
I never redezvous it
I'm just in the 'Burg with Trigga
And I'm faded off the fluid
I made alot of money
Then I went ahead and blew it
Now I'm trying to make it back
So how the f**k you want to do it
My nigga you better do it(Aye)...do it
I say this here's a practice song
And lately I been out in Hollywood
Just acting wrong
What up to Jackie Long
I f**k with Jackie Long
I clown other dudes on the low
I like to laugh alone
I get my cash alone
That's why I shop alone
This here's my uncle's car
I drive it and the top is gone
Your skin looks like you bathe in magnesia
And coppertone
And girl I heard your man's a fed
Don't bring that cop along
I'm running every single light
Aint one I'm stopping on
This here's a classic jump
That big things are popping on
So baby wipe me down
I sell a watch and swap a home
I'm in this solo
No I do not have a chaperone
I'm in a proper zone
That's right the doctor's home
This here's my time
And I don't even think your clock is on
I am a trader
And I'm telling you my stock is grown
I run my city
Got it mobile like the lock is gone
Keys out
I aint talking white though
Baby what you be's bout
I mean for tonight ho
If I break them trees out
Pull them Double D's out
So I can J Holiday that ass
Before I leave's out
Holla at me shawty

[Chorus x1]



[Drake:]
Yeah, 9th Wonder! Don't judge me man
They tend to say that us rappers are materialistic
They say we lack substance
Me, 'Te and El' bout to prove 'em wrong though

[Chorus: Drake]
Uh, we know what you're thinking love
You think we out smoking and drinking love
Pushing big whips, chains clinking love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me
We know how you speculate
Thinking we gon' hit your friend if you object to date
Claim we're early and be showing up extra late love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me

[Drake:]
Uh, El' be saying that I'm humble, I'm hella nice
For that I've been approached to sign to Roc-A-Fella twice
Haters tell you all the rumors they heard
And we laugh soon as you come and tell me like I'm Ellen Brice
My groove theory is that when you too cheery
They try to bring you down to the level they at
Well when they are all unhappy, then it gets a little sticky
That's why I am Little Nicky to these devils in rap
But, uh, they ain't thinking Drake get smart girl
Nah, they probably think I'll break your heart girl
Haha, I can't lie, you probably right about it
And if you give me the ass quick, I'll probably write about it
But I hate it when they judge me on how I sound
I mean I spit that influential shit from my town
I don't know why you sitting on the couch
When you see I got a bed, bring your ass here and lie down
You think taking your purse off
Will lead to me, you taking shirts off and then your skirt off
At least I got status because I could've been a local emcee
And you probably would've been worse off
So I'm a take this hat off, and I'm a hit it till I backs off
And then I'm back sorrowful
Cause you thinking you can predict what happen
You the reason I'm thinking I'm getting sick of rapping

[Chorus]

[Phonte:]
You probably think I walk around with my gun tucked and
Swang dick to these hoes like nunchucks
Well, you can think what you want but
I think you've been watching too much BET: Uncut
You need to get real and check out my real life
I ain't a tip-trail, don't care what it smell like
But if you feel like putting all your notions aside
And talking to a real nigga, I'd gladly oblige
First name Phonte, I'd be pleased to date ya
College educated, got degrees in papers
But I'm from the South where if you ain't snapping
Or rapping bout trapping youse a freak of nature
Such an anomaly, speak so well
And talk so collegy, such an astonishing
Contrast to all the bullshit you've been following
On behalf of them, I offer my apologies
Maybe with me you'll unlearn
Putting all niggas in a box of concerns
Me, cause I ain't dumb, shit I'm well reared/red like sunburn
And after me you'll never leave no stone unturned, uh, c'mon

[Chorus]

[Elzhi:]
They say you never judge a book by it's cover
Though you appear as materialistic, just like the others
So I followed your words to take 'em in
And I don't see what you saying so they coming off paper thin
That's when I felt that I would need to
Do more than just look you up and down to see if I could read you
And try to get inside your head only
Not just stick my fingers in your middle to get you to spread for me
So what I learned on my path to discover?
Your story took one ugly turn after another
I saw we wasn't on the same page
I would've gave you strong play but your words rubbed me the wrong way
So now I'm closing the case
You only out for the paperback that's written all over your face
No El' will never judge a book by it's cover
Until he seen what was in between and looked at what lies are under

[Chorus]



[Drake:]
Me and you so crucial baby and that champagne so fuchsia baby
I do things that you ain't used to baby
And take you back home to St. Lucia baby
When raindrops hit the tin roof it's crazy,
That's a metaphor did I lose you baby?

When you are wet
And covered in sweat
I wipe your ass down like Boosie baby

I love all my feed back
Tell me to give it to you if you need that
Touch right there whatever the speed's at
If it's over fast then I promise you a relapse

Forget what you guessin' I'm on
And who was in yo past
I'm a freshly grown
Just charge that cell that I message you on
And if you let us girl I'm a bring the dresser along

You hear that professional tone?
Half of that's ice and the rest PatrÃ³n
Show up on time for the class I'm teachin
'Cause guaranteed I'm a bring a lesson along

An you just gotta bring yo breasts along
Instead of holding out wondering what it could've been
I confess this address to you and
I'm the postman lookin for a slot I can put it in

With no NY number
Mom's still upstairs I'm two floors under
But my room's soundproof
You so tempted
To satisfy your urge so you don't wonder (yeah)

I know I told you before
I'll grab that for you like holdin' the door
'Cause mines is Polo and yours is Vicky
And they just spread all over the floor, like

[Robin Thicke:]
You feel so good
You smell so good
You feel so warm
Just like I knew you would
I can't let you go
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you
Teach you teach you teach you

You can call me professor
But baby you broke the rules
You won't get the grade you want
Unless you stay after school
You can work it off
Baby I can give you extra credit
But there's something else
You were late to school
Teach you teach you teach you
Girl can I frisk you
Search your body for
You look so guilty to me
If I make you nervous
It's 'cause you're hiding WMDs
And I'm gonna sentence you
Baby you can do your time on me
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someone's gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl



[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Drake:]
Nah,
I never needed advice about
All the things you liked to do when it was lights out
I drove nice cars
I got a nice house
But now I'm steady missing you like a strikeout
I always wished I would of cared more
That's my only feeling inside when ever I get a song done
I'm scared that every girl I care for
Will find a better man and end up happier in the long run
Ya, and when she not by my side
And I hear that she gone
Now it's like a shock to my pride
I don't care if she know
Cause that's basically just a male ego
Speaking aloud to some real people
But you can bounce back
Go ladies,
More records, more sex, more babies
Yeah, wanna grant one of my wishes
Tired missing you, I'm tryna make you a misses

[Trey Songz:]
I miss the way you kiss
I miss the way wear them heels and make it switch
Miss the way ya hair blows in the wind
And I miss you staying here till the morning
Miss the way you put on your makeup
Miss the way you love me too much
It's everything about you baby
Wanna know where you been lately
Do you go out, do you still live at your old house
Do you got somebody new in your life
Cause I can't get you outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop

[Trey Songz:]
Missin everything you say,
Missin all the crazy love we made
Why'd you throw it all away
I want you to know it's been hell tryna do this with out you here
Baby 07' supposed to be our year
You confront my worst fears
And I had my doubts every time you was going out
Cause I knew you were tellin' me lies
And I can't get that outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Bridge:]
Wish I, Could wake up and forget about you
Not tryin to call you when I know I want to
(O wish I,) I gotta fight this feeling can't let it take over me
You just don't understand how much you were apart of me

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Oooo No) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop, missing you
I can't stop, missing you
(I don't wanna stop) I can't stop missing you
(Baby) I can't stop missing you,
No, No, No, No
I can't stop, Missin you



[Chorus: Andreena Mill]
I gotta make it out, or move quickly
Can't allow the past to restrict me
Bet this time around they won't skip me
I am the last hope
Don't hesitate not even for a second
The hustle has become an obsession
I'm on the front lines with my weapon
I am the last hope

[Verse 1: Kardinall Offishall]
Can you i-magine the last breath of Christ?
The last breath of Christopher Wallace on that faithful night
The last step that Martin Luther took as a man
I got the power of my world in my hand
The microphone brings life and death in the blink of an eye
I was born to provoke those born to die
I was conceived to beat all odds like Las Vegas
T-dot motherfucker watch the world rape us
Greatest strugglers hustle to succeed
Cross border smugglers tussle to burn weed
It means that pressure of success in the south
Niggas watchin' what I say magnifying my mouth
I never take back talk I apply the force
Hand blistering from many years of holdin' the torch
When the skin rebuilds it grows tougher than leather
So we can keep on holdin' it forever
My names Kardinall

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Drake]
Jealousy's suttin I haven't felt for years
There's nobody around for me to be jealous of
I bet you do a show in my city and no one cheers
Even if you make the music that ladies and fellas love and dove
I'm incredible fuckin' unforgettable
And when it comes to records 
I will eat it if it's edible
They say the futures always foreseen
That's why I'm steady getting more money, more cream
My flow is stuck in the moment that comes before dreams
I stay avoiding unlucky like 14
And people get behind 'im and they fight for 'im 
'Cause he wont let no other niggas write for 'im
And even when it's quite warm
The attitude coursing through the veins of my city is a ice storm
The name Drake and I don't take it for granted
I just take it you offended 'cause I'm taking advantage mayne

[Chorus]



[Intro]
I've got it made thats what I'm talking about
Goin down to the fashion store and get myself fitted out
Goin down to the dealers buy myself a brand new car
So me and my lady can riiiide

Check
I wish y'all coulda seen me back in high school
Backpack grey range black Ac'
Coulda had the stack out just to get a stack back
Double that school dance
Fresh jakes new pants
Back but fuck bitches get money was the new chat
It started out a boy like Hugh Grant
Now I'm a young man doin things you can't



I swear to Lord, same dudes use to laugh at me
See me in the CL6 with half a bead
They know that money begets money so naturally,
Me, I have to blow a couple stacks, hassle free
I'm like fuck ya'll haters on behalf of me
Cause I could flood the city with a staff of three
I'm talkin me and two partners in that caprice
With no copies made, I got the master keys
And fast cars, fast women, fast cash, and c.r.e.a.m
Commode you rappers like plasticine
I have the dream, but dawg, me and success are two things you don't wanna find yo ass between
Back against the wall like plasma screens
The inside of my wallet is pastured green
And you are now hangin with the asthma team
Sweetie catch your breath while I smash the scene
I should leave earth, nothin left to do here
Everyday is Christmas and every night is New Years
Say whatever, I never been concerned about who hears
Call my town Sparta and I'm comin with two spears
I'm tellin you dawg, always got the spring collection in fall
I run my bill up makin executive calls
And with me, women be bulidin these skeptical walls
But once you've slept with one dime, man you've slept with 'em all
Family, money, and music is all I ever knew
My necklace suffer from depression, it's forever blue
Cheer up baby you don't see all this revenue?
I started the game at level two
I'm sayin, stop actin like teen girls are my only market
I parallel to fly and spurk, Tony Barket
And it's cool if you spill something, it's only carpet
That's why I get my interior color only dark shit
Toronto's where you livin today, then you ain't makin records that people are driven to play
I would advise you to really make a move sooner than later
Cause these are only the joints that I'm givin away, you feel me?



[TALKING:]
I do this for ya'll man
Malice, Nickelus F, it's the REMIX!

[VERSE 1: Malice]
Lights slow motion, steppin' out the Phantom
All eyes on me, peekin' and glancin'
Leanin' on the wall, with b-boys dancin'
Ears, neck, and wrists lookin' like the king's ransom
One chick, each arm, makin' it a tandem
Flat here costing' like fifty grand standard
Bottles poppin', cars wit' options
We livin' like kings, homie, you just watchin'
And I'm a show for ya, marble flo' for ya
And that thing in the driveway, came with the spoiler
I ain't bluffin', cop jewels off the Russian
Diamonds in the Jesus, look like he's blushin'
Miami breezes, we cross seasons
Escaped indictments, thank you Jesus
Y'all haters ain't even got a clue
While we get this paper, and that's how we do

[BACKGROUND:]
R-E U-P G-A-N-G
R-E U-P G-A-N-G

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 2:]
Check, the verses I'm writing you might wanna learn it
You hatin my song but your wife wanna burn it
So now you at the store for some blank CDs
You can't see me, for your sake might wanna return it
Cause, if you bring them discs home to ya girl, she'll forget you
and I'll be the only one she concerned with
To the people that ignored me before this
This one is for you as a song re-recorded
Funny thing is, you just notice me now but I was here along
your vision's just been distorted
I'm so [?] I live this, you ask me what the business
and I write a sixteen and record it, uh
The waiting is over I think music need it
Drake cuttin his records without gettin weeded
People in the South want it chopped and screwed, I got this dude
they expectations Imma exceed it uh
Like a singer with only backgrounds ya'll record it
When it's done ya lyrics tend to mislead ish
Finally here Imma star with the timing
My swagger is chill, and my flow is reclining
This for anybody that's searchin for cash, and purchasing fast
you only get the dough when you grindin
And so I grind like I'm listening to I Wayne
MY pain, you can experience through the rhyming boy!

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 3: Nickelus F]

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do



[Drake]
Yeah, look...
Me and sos? we from two different walks of life
usually we understand theres a problem we don't talk to vice
the watch is yellowy-green thas sum awkward ice
I never signed for a mill' but been offered twice
I'm awful nice, lyrics that I often write
Spyin no talent rappers to get off the mic
And I could pick you up from work when you get off the night
drop you at the house soon as you get off the pike, man
I flow so cool like autumn nights
When I body this, tell me if the coffin's light
but don't try and tell me that a dolphins white
mislead drake that is not at all polite
It's a shame cause that's how the biz goes
Imagine if these other niggas flop and his blows
Bet I get a co-sign somethin like no time
They'll be trynna sub a nigga in like Quizno's

[Chorus: Sos & Drake]
All I need is sum weight, my scale, sum money for bail
A lil booth at the club for the whole cartel
nigga my drink, my smoke, a bird on E
And somethin heavy on my waist man I'm easy to please
I need my moms, my pa, a bottle of cliqua
the whole ATF you kno who we are..
my women, my money, and leave me the keys
of somethin fast and I'm good man I'm easy to please



D-d-d-d-damn what did I consume
Somethin spinnin fast either me or it's the room
I bet you it's the room cause I don't do no drugs
Or maybe it's that 'tron cause I sure do have a buzz
Baby either way I'm throwed and I am on a mission
So if ya ears a virgin id advise you not to listen
Cause this shit isn't kosher and this shit isn't christian
It's that muthafuckin heat you can find up in kitchen
Girl holla at yo nigga I got that shit for low
Ok maybe I don't but guarantee someone I know
Wait let me slow it down (down) I'm gettin ahead (head)
Plus it's gettin hot so I'm a take a seat instead (stead)
I'm lucky I ain't dead (dead) I'm on a rollercoaster ride ya'll
We all of age and I ain't got nothin to hide ya'll
And in this game I'm a tidal when the tides small
So drop me in and I release just like a time bomb

Every record that I've done the station here done played it
This the city that I run this the shit that I created
They tellin me I'm the one and I haven't even made it
Maybe I'm hearin thangs cause I'm feelin like I'm faded

I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded
I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded



Yeah Man (Aye)
You already know what it is (Aye)
Trey called Trigga (Aye)
Aye man (Aye)
Show them why you rappin homie (Aye)
Look

[Chorus]
I aint never been nothin but a underdog
And I aint gonna neva let a nigga hold me under dog
Still ride in the drop
With my mind on the knot
You niggas never take what I got
For my underdog

Just copped new shoes
Whip on two twos
Dick down you two
Throw it on youtube
Tell me what youd do
If I was to do you
Baby after one time
Sure to make you come back
Back like spinal
Stack like dominoes
Catch me out in Mexico
Hasta Manana though
Hasta la vista
Chest full of reefer
Rep for my set till the day I meet the reaper
Petersburg veteran
USA resident
In USA Today it aint a city I aint never been
Scared I aint never been
Yea I aint never been
Nothing but a underdog
But I'm never under yall
Still keep it under there
Right by the underwears
Still in the hood yeah
I aint talking outer wear
They be moving powder there
Which one of you out of there
Wanna get it
Cuz I'm with it
f**k yall the underdog

[Chorus x1]

Said I got my city buzzin
You should take a trip and view it
Shout out to Mr.Rogers
Cuz he's supposed to chop and screw it
And my liscense just expired
So I got to go renew it
Cuz I just bought a truck
And I am dying to debut it
And naw it aint a Buick
I never redezvous it
I'm just in the 'Burg with Trigga
And I'm faded off the fluid
I made alot of money
Then I went ahead and blew it
Now I'm trying to make it back
So how the f**k you want to do it
My nigga you better do it(Aye)...do it
I say this here's a practice song
And lately I been out in Hollywood
Just acting wrong
What up to Jackie Long
I f**k with Jackie Long
I clown other dudes on the low
I like to laugh alone
I get my cash alone
That's why I shop alone
This here's my uncle's car
I drive it and the top is gone
Your skin looks like you bathe in magnesia
And coppertone
And girl I heard your man's a fed
Don't bring that cop along
I'm running every single light
Aint one I'm stopping on
This here's a classic jump
That big things are popping on
So baby wipe me down
I sell a watch and swap a home
I'm in this solo
No I do not have a chaperone
I'm in a proper zone
That's right the doctor's home
This here's my time
And I don't even think your clock is on
I am a trader
And I'm telling you my stock is grown
I run my city
Got it mobile like the lock is gone
Keys out
I aint talking white though
Baby what you be's bout
I mean for tonight ho
If I break them trees out
Pull them Double D's out
So I can J Holiday that ass
Before I leave's out
Holla at me shawty

[Chorus x1]



[Drake:]
Yeah, 9th Wonder! Don't judge me man
They tend to say that us rappers are materialistic
They say we lack substance
Me, 'Te and El' bout to prove 'em wrong though

[Chorus: Drake]
Uh, we know what you're thinking love
You think we out smoking and drinking love
Pushing big whips, chains clinking love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me
We know how you speculate
Thinking we gon' hit your friend if you object to date
Claim we're early and be showing up extra late love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me

[Drake:]
Uh, El' be saying that I'm humble, I'm hella nice
For that I've been approached to sign to Roc-A-Fella twice
Haters tell you all the rumors they heard
And we laugh soon as you come and tell me like I'm Ellen Brice
My groove theory is that when you too cheery
They try to bring you down to the level they at
Well when they are all unhappy, then it gets a little sticky
That's why I am Little Nicky to these devils in rap
But, uh, they ain't thinking Drake get smart girl
Nah, they probably think I'll break your heart girl
Haha, I can't lie, you probably right about it
And if you give me the ass quick, I'll probably write about it
But I hate it when they judge me on how I sound
I mean I spit that influential shit from my town
I don't know why you sitting on the couch
When you see I got a bed, bring your ass here and lie down
You think taking your purse off
Will lead to me, you taking shirts off and then your skirt off
At least I got status because I could've been a local emcee
And you probably would've been worse off
So I'm a take this hat off, and I'm a hit it till I backs off
And then I'm back sorrowful
Cause you thinking you can predict what happen
You the reason I'm thinking I'm getting sick of rapping

[Chorus]

[Phonte:]
You probably think I walk around with my gun tucked and
Swang dick to these hoes like nunchucks
Well, you can think what you want but
I think you've been watching too much BET: Uncut
You need to get real and check out my real life
I ain't a tip-trail, don't care what it smell like
But if you feel like putting all your notions aside
And talking to a real nigga, I'd gladly oblige
First name Phonte, I'd be pleased to date ya
College educated, got degrees in papers
But I'm from the South where if you ain't snapping
Or rapping bout trapping youse a freak of nature
Such an anomaly, speak so well
And talk so collegy, such an astonishing
Contrast to all the bullshit you've been following
On behalf of them, I offer my apologies
Maybe with me you'll unlearn
Putting all niggas in a box of concerns
Me, cause I ain't dumb, shit I'm well reared/red like sunburn
And after me you'll never leave no stone unturned, uh, c'mon

[Chorus]

[Elzhi:]
They say you never judge a book by it's cover
Though you appear as materialistic, just like the others
So I followed your words to take 'em in
And I don't see what you saying so they coming off paper thin
That's when I felt that I would need to
Do more than just look you up and down to see if I could read you
And try to get inside your head only
Not just stick my fingers in your middle to get you to spread for me
So what I learned on my path to discover?
Your story took one ugly turn after another
I saw we wasn't on the same page
I would've gave you strong play but your words rubbed me the wrong way
So now I'm closing the case
You only out for the paperback that's written all over your face
No El' will never judge a book by it's cover
Until he seen what was in between and looked at what lies are under

[Chorus]



[Drake:]
Me and you so crucial baby and that champagne so fuchsia baby
I do things that you ain't used to baby
And take you back home to St. Lucia baby
When raindrops hit the tin roof it's crazy,
That's a metaphor did I lose you baby?

When you are wet
And covered in sweat
I wipe your ass down like Boosie baby

I love all my feed back
Tell me to give it to you if you need that
Touch right there whatever the speed's at
If it's over fast then I promise you a relapse

Forget what you guessin' I'm on
And who was in yo past
I'm a freshly grown
Just charge that cell that I message you on
And if you let us girl I'm a bring the dresser along

You hear that professional tone?
Half of that's ice and the rest PatrÃ³n
Show up on time for the class I'm teachin
'Cause guaranteed I'm a bring a lesson along

An you just gotta bring yo breasts along
Instead of holding out wondering what it could've been
I confess this address to you and
I'm the postman lookin for a slot I can put it in

With no NY number
Mom's still upstairs I'm two floors under
But my room's soundproof
You so tempted
To satisfy your urge so you don't wonder (yeah)

I know I told you before
I'll grab that for you like holdin' the door
'Cause mines is Polo and yours is Vicky
And they just spread all over the floor, like

[Robin Thicke:]
You feel so good
You smell so good
You feel so warm
Just like I knew you would
I can't let you go
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you
Teach you teach you teach you

You can call me professor
But baby you broke the rules
You won't get the grade you want
Unless you stay after school
You can work it off
Baby I can give you extra credit
But there's something else
You were late to school
Teach you teach you teach you
Girl can I frisk you
Search your body for
You look so guilty to me
If I make you nervous
It's 'cause you're hiding WMDs
And I'm gonna sentence you
Baby you can do your time on me
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someone's gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl



[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Drake:]
Nah,
I never needed advice about
All the things you liked to do when it was lights out
I drove nice cars
I got a nice house
But now I'm steady missing you like a strikeout
I always wished I would of cared more
That's my only feeling inside when ever I get a song done
I'm scared that every girl I care for
Will find a better man and end up happier in the long run
Ya, and when she not by my side
And I hear that she gone
Now it's like a shock to my pride
I don't care if she know
Cause that's basically just a male ego
Speaking aloud to some real people
But you can bounce back
Go ladies,
More records, more sex, more babies
Yeah, wanna grant one of my wishes
Tired missing you, I'm tryna make you a misses

[Trey Songz:]
I miss the way you kiss
I miss the way wear them heels and make it switch
Miss the way ya hair blows in the wind
And I miss you staying here till the morning
Miss the way you put on your makeup
Miss the way you love me too much
It's everything about you baby
Wanna know where you been lately
Do you go out, do you still live at your old house
Do you got somebody new in your life
Cause I can't get you outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop

[Trey Songz:]
Missin everything you say,
Missin all the crazy love we made
Why'd you throw it all away
I want you to know it's been hell tryna do this with out you here
Baby 07' supposed to be our year
You confront my worst fears
And I had my doubts every time you was going out
Cause I knew you were tellin' me lies
And I can't get that outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Bridge:]
Wish I, Could wake up and forget about you
Not tryin to call you when I know I want to
(O wish I,) I gotta fight this feeling can't let it take over me
You just don't understand how much you were apart of me

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Oooo No) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop, missing you
I can't stop, missing you
(I don't wanna stop) I can't stop missing you
(Baby) I can't stop missing you,
No, No, No, No
I can't stop, Missin you



[Chorus: Andreena Mill]
I gotta make it out, or move quickly
Can't allow the past to restrict me
Bet this time around they won't skip me
I am the last hope
Don't hesitate not even for a second
The hustle has become an obsession
I'm on the front lines with my weapon
I am the last hope

[Verse 1: Kardinall Offishall]
Can you i-magine the last breath of Christ?
The last breath of Christopher Wallace on that faithful night
The last step that Martin Luther took as a man
I got the power of my world in my hand
The microphone brings life and death in the blink of an eye
I was born to provoke those born to die
I was conceived to beat all odds like Las Vegas
T-dot motherfucker watch the world rape us
Greatest strugglers hustle to succeed
Cross border smugglers tussle to burn weed
It means that pressure of success in the south
Niggas watchin' what I say magnifying my mouth
I never take back talk I apply the force
Hand blistering from many years of holdin' the torch
When the skin rebuilds it grows tougher than leather
So we can keep on holdin' it forever
My names Kardinall

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Drake]
Jealousy's suttin I haven't felt for years
There's nobody around for me to be jealous of
I bet you do a show in my city and no one cheers
Even if you make the music that ladies and fellas love and dove
I'm incredible fuckin' unforgettable
And when it comes to records 
I will eat it if it's edible
They say the futures always foreseen
That's why I'm steady getting more money, more cream
My flow is stuck in the moment that comes before dreams
I stay avoiding unlucky like 14
And people get behind 'im and they fight for 'im 
'Cause he wont let no other niggas write for 'im
And even when it's quite warm
The attitude coursing through the veins of my city is a ice storm
The name Drake and I don't take it for granted
I just take it you offended 'cause I'm taking advantage mayne

[Chorus]



[Intro]
I've got it made thats what I'm talking about
Goin down to the fashion store and get myself fitted out
Goin down to the dealers buy myself a brand new car
So me and my lady can riiiide

Check
I wish y'all coulda seen me back in high school
Backpack grey range black Ac'
Coulda had the stack out just to get a stack back
Double that school dance
Fresh jakes new pants
Back but fuck bitches get money was the new chat
It started out a boy like Hugh Grant
Now I'm a young man doin things you can't



I swear to Lord, same dudes use to laugh at me
See me in the CL6 with half a bead
They know that money begets money so naturally,
Me, I have to blow a couple stacks, hassle free
I'm like fuck ya'll haters on behalf of me
Cause I could flood the city with a staff of three
I'm talkin me and two partners in that caprice
With no copies made, I got the master keys
And fast cars, fast women, fast cash, and c.r.e.a.m
Commode you rappers like plasticine
I have the dream, but dawg, me and success are two things you don't wanna find yo ass between
Back against the wall like plasma screens
The inside of my wallet is pastured green
And you are now hangin with the asthma team
Sweetie catch your breath while I smash the scene
I should leave earth, nothin left to do here
Everyday is Christmas and every night is New Years
Say whatever, I never been concerned about who hears
Call my town Sparta and I'm comin with two spears
I'm tellin you dawg, always got the spring collection in fall
I run my bill up makin executive calls
And with me, women be bulidin these skeptical walls
But once you've slept with one dime, man you've slept with 'em all
Family, money, and music is all I ever knew
My necklace suffer from depression, it's forever blue
Cheer up baby you don't see all this revenue?
I started the game at level two
I'm sayin, stop actin like teen girls are my only market
I parallel to fly and spurk, Tony Barket
And it's cool if you spill something, it's only carpet
That's why I get my interior color only dark shit
Toronto's where you livin today, then you ain't makin records that people are driven to play
I would advise you to really make a move sooner than later
Cause these are only the joints that I'm givin away, you feel me?



[TALKING:]
I do this for ya'll man
Malice, Nickelus F, it's the REMIX!

[VERSE 1: Malice]
Lights slow motion, steppin' out the Phantom
All eyes on me, peekin' and glancin'
Leanin' on the wall, with b-boys dancin'
Ears, neck, and wrists lookin' like the king's ransom
One chick, each arm, makin' it a tandem
Flat here costing' like fifty grand standard
Bottles poppin', cars wit' options
We livin' like kings, homie, you just watchin'
And I'm a show for ya, marble flo' for ya
And that thing in the driveway, came with the spoiler
I ain't bluffin', cop jewels off the Russian
Diamonds in the Jesus, look like he's blushin'
Miami breezes, we cross seasons
Escaped indictments, thank you Jesus
Y'all haters ain't even got a clue
While we get this paper, and that's how we do

[BACKGROUND:]
R-E U-P G-A-N-G
R-E U-P G-A-N-G

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 2:]
Check, the verses I'm writing you might wanna learn it
You hatin my song but your wife wanna burn it
So now you at the store for some blank CDs
You can't see me, for your sake might wanna return it
Cause, if you bring them discs home to ya girl, she'll forget you
and I'll be the only one she concerned with
To the people that ignored me before this
This one is for you as a song re-recorded
Funny thing is, you just notice me now but I was here along
your vision's just been distorted
I'm so [?] I live this, you ask me what the business
and I write a sixteen and record it, uh
The waiting is over I think music need it
Drake cuttin his records without gettin weeded
People in the South want it chopped and screwed, I got this dude
they expectations Imma exceed it uh
Like a singer with only backgrounds ya'll record it
When it's done ya lyrics tend to mislead ish
Finally here Imma star with the timing
My swagger is chill, and my flow is reclining
This for anybody that's searchin for cash, and purchasing fast
you only get the dough when you grindin
And so I grind like I'm listening to I Wayne
MY pain, you can experience through the rhyming boy!

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 3: Nickelus F]

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do



[Drake]
Yeah, look...
Me and sos? we from two different walks of life
usually we understand theres a problem we don't talk to vice
the watch is yellowy-green thas sum awkward ice
I never signed for a mill' but been offered twice
I'm awful nice, lyrics that I often write
Spyin no talent rappers to get off the mic
And I could pick you up from work when you get off the night
drop you at the house soon as you get off the pike, man
I flow so cool like autumn nights
When I body this, tell me if the coffin's light
but don't try and tell me that a dolphins white
mislead drake that is not at all polite
It's a shame cause that's how the biz goes
Imagine if these other niggas flop and his blows
Bet I get a co-sign somethin like no time
They'll be trynna sub a nigga in like Quizno's

[Chorus: Sos & Drake]
All I need is sum weight, my scale, sum money for bail
A lil booth at the club for the whole cartel
nigga my drink, my smoke, a bird on E
And somethin heavy on my waist man I'm easy to please
I need my moms, my pa, a bottle of cliqua
the whole ATF you kno who we are..
my women, my money, and leave me the keys
of somethin fast and I'm good man I'm easy to please



D-d-d-d-damn what did I consume
Somethin spinnin fast either me or it's the room
I bet you it's the room cause I don't do no drugs
Or maybe it's that 'tron cause I sure do have a buzz
Baby either way I'm throwed and I am on a mission
So if ya ears a virgin id advise you not to listen
Cause this shit isn't kosher and this shit isn't christian
It's that muthafuckin heat you can find up in kitchen
Girl holla at yo nigga I got that shit for low
Ok maybe I don't but guarantee someone I know
Wait let me slow it down (down) I'm gettin ahead (head)
Plus it's gettin hot so I'm a take a seat instead (stead)
I'm lucky I ain't dead (dead) I'm on a rollercoaster ride ya'll
We all of age and I ain't got nothin to hide ya'll
And in this game I'm a tidal when the tides small
So drop me in and I release just like a time bomb

Every record that I've done the station here done played it
This the city that I run this the shit that I created
They tellin me I'm the one and I haven't even made it
Maybe I'm hearin thangs cause I'm feelin like I'm faded

I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded
I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded



Yeah Man (Aye)
You already know what it is (Aye)
Trey called Trigga (Aye)
Aye man (Aye)
Show them why you rappin homie (Aye)
Look

[Chorus]
I aint never been nothin but a underdog
And I aint gonna neva let a nigga hold me under dog
Still ride in the drop
With my mind on the knot
You niggas never take what I got
For my underdog

Just copped new shoes
Whip on two twos
Dick down you two
Throw it on youtube
Tell me what youd do
If I was to do you
Baby after one time
Sure to make you come back
Back like spinal
Stack like dominoes
Catch me out in Mexico
Hasta Manana though
Hasta la vista
Chest full of reefer
Rep for my set till the day I meet the reaper
Petersburg veteran
USA resident
In USA Today it aint a city I aint never been
Scared I aint never been
Yea I aint never been
Nothing but a underdog
But I'm never under yall
Still keep it under there
Right by the underwears
Still in the hood yeah
I aint talking outer wear
They be moving powder there
Which one of you out of there
Wanna get it
Cuz I'm with it
f**k yall the underdog

[Chorus x1]

Said I got my city buzzin
You should take a trip and view it
Shout out to Mr.Rogers
Cuz he's supposed to chop and screw it
And my liscense just expired
So I got to go renew it
Cuz I just bought a truck
And I am dying to debut it
And naw it aint a Buick
I never redezvous it
I'm just in the 'Burg with Trigga
And I'm faded off the fluid
I made alot of money
Then I went ahead and blew it
Now I'm trying to make it back
So how the f**k you want to do it
My nigga you better do it(Aye)...do it
I say this here's a practice song
And lately I been out in Hollywood
Just acting wrong
What up to Jackie Long
I f**k with Jackie Long
I clown other dudes on the low
I like to laugh alone
I get my cash alone
That's why I shop alone
This here's my uncle's car
I drive it and the top is gone
Your skin looks like you bathe in magnesia
And coppertone
And girl I heard your man's a fed
Don't bring that cop along
I'm running every single light
Aint one I'm stopping on
This here's a classic jump
That big things are popping on
So baby wipe me down
I sell a watch and swap a home
I'm in this solo
No I do not have a chaperone
I'm in a proper zone
That's right the doctor's home
This here's my time
And I don't even think your clock is on
I am a trader
And I'm telling you my stock is grown
I run my city
Got it mobile like the lock is gone
Keys out
I aint talking white though
Baby what you be's bout
I mean for tonight ho
If I break them trees out
Pull them Double D's out
So I can J Holiday that ass
Before I leave's out
Holla at me shawty

[Chorus x1]



[Drake:]
Yeah, 9th Wonder! Don't judge me man
They tend to say that us rappers are materialistic
They say we lack substance
Me, 'Te and El' bout to prove 'em wrong though

[Chorus: Drake]
Uh, we know what you're thinking love
You think we out smoking and drinking love
Pushing big whips, chains clinking love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me
We know how you speculate
Thinking we gon' hit your friend if you object to date
Claim we're early and be showing up extra late love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me

[Drake:]
Uh, El' be saying that I'm humble, I'm hella nice
For that I've been approached to sign to Roc-A-Fella twice
Haters tell you all the rumors they heard
And we laugh soon as you come and tell me like I'm Ellen Brice
My groove theory is that when you too cheery
They try to bring you down to the level they at
Well when they are all unhappy, then it gets a little sticky
That's why I am Little Nicky to these devils in rap
But, uh, they ain't thinking Drake get smart girl
Nah, they probably think I'll break your heart girl
Haha, I can't lie, you probably right about it
And if you give me the ass quick, I'll probably write about it
But I hate it when they judge me on how I sound
I mean I spit that influential shit from my town
I don't know why you sitting on the couch
When you see I got a bed, bring your ass here and lie down
You think taking your purse off
Will lead to me, you taking shirts off and then your skirt off
At least I got status because I could've been a local emcee
And you probably would've been worse off
So I'm a take this hat off, and I'm a hit it till I backs off
And then I'm back sorrowful
Cause you thinking you can predict what happen
You the reason I'm thinking I'm getting sick of rapping

[Chorus]

[Phonte:]
You probably think I walk around with my gun tucked and
Swang dick to these hoes like nunchucks
Well, you can think what you want but
I think you've been watching too much BET: Uncut
You need to get real and check out my real life
I ain't a tip-trail, don't care what it smell like
But if you feel like putting all your notions aside
And talking to a real nigga, I'd gladly oblige
First name Phonte, I'd be pleased to date ya
College educated, got degrees in papers
But I'm from the South where if you ain't snapping
Or rapping bout trapping youse a freak of nature
Such an anomaly, speak so well
And talk so collegy, such an astonishing
Contrast to all the bullshit you've been following
On behalf of them, I offer my apologies
Maybe with me you'll unlearn
Putting all niggas in a box of concerns
Me, cause I ain't dumb, shit I'm well reared/red like sunburn
And after me you'll never leave no stone unturned, uh, c'mon

[Chorus]

[Elzhi:]
They say you never judge a book by it's cover
Though you appear as materialistic, just like the others
So I followed your words to take 'em in
And I don't see what you saying so they coming off paper thin
That's when I felt that I would need to
Do more than just look you up and down to see if I could read you
And try to get inside your head only
Not just stick my fingers in your middle to get you to spread for me
So what I learned on my path to discover?
Your story took one ugly turn after another
I saw we wasn't on the same page
I would've gave you strong play but your words rubbed me the wrong way
So now I'm closing the case
You only out for the paperback that's written all over your face
No El' will never judge a book by it's cover
Until he seen what was in between and looked at what lies are under

[Chorus]



[Drake:]
Me and you so crucial baby and that champagne so fuchsia baby
I do things that you ain't used to baby
And take you back home to St. Lucia baby
When raindrops hit the tin roof it's crazy,
That's a metaphor did I lose you baby?

When you are wet
And covered in sweat
I wipe your ass down like Boosie baby

I love all my feed back
Tell me to give it to you if you need that
Touch right there whatever the speed's at
If it's over fast then I promise you a relapse

Forget what you guessin' I'm on
And who was in yo past
I'm a freshly grown
Just charge that cell that I message you on
And if you let us girl I'm a bring the dresser along

You hear that professional tone?
Half of that's ice and the rest PatrÃ³n
Show up on time for the class I'm teachin
'Cause guaranteed I'm a bring a lesson along

An you just gotta bring yo breasts along
Instead of holding out wondering what it could've been
I confess this address to you and
I'm the postman lookin for a slot I can put it in

With no NY number
Mom's still upstairs I'm two floors under
But my room's soundproof
You so tempted
To satisfy your urge so you don't wonder (yeah)

I know I told you before
I'll grab that for you like holdin' the door
'Cause mines is Polo and yours is Vicky
And they just spread all over the floor, like

[Robin Thicke:]
You feel so good
You smell so good
You feel so warm
Just like I knew you would
I can't let you go
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you
Teach you teach you teach you

You can call me professor
But baby you broke the rules
You won't get the grade you want
Unless you stay after school
You can work it off
Baby I can give you extra credit
But there's something else
You were late to school
Teach you teach you teach you
Girl can I frisk you
Search your body for
You look so guilty to me
If I make you nervous
It's 'cause you're hiding WMDs
And I'm gonna sentence you
Baby you can do your time on me
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someone's gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl



[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Drake:]
Nah,
I never needed advice about
All the things you liked to do when it was lights out
I drove nice cars
I got a nice house
But now I'm steady missing you like a strikeout
I always wished I would of cared more
That's my only feeling inside when ever I get a song done
I'm scared that every girl I care for
Will find a better man and end up happier in the long run
Ya, and when she not by my side
And I hear that she gone
Now it's like a shock to my pride
I don't care if she know
Cause that's basically just a male ego
Speaking aloud to some real people
But you can bounce back
Go ladies,
More records, more sex, more babies
Yeah, wanna grant one of my wishes
Tired missing you, I'm tryna make you a misses

[Trey Songz:]
I miss the way you kiss
I miss the way wear them heels and make it switch
Miss the way ya hair blows in the wind
And I miss you staying here till the morning
Miss the way you put on your makeup
Miss the way you love me too much
It's everything about you baby
Wanna know where you been lately
Do you go out, do you still live at your old house
Do you got somebody new in your life
Cause I can't get you outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop

[Trey Songz:]
Missin everything you say,
Missin all the crazy love we made
Why'd you throw it all away
I want you to know it's been hell tryna do this with out you here
Baby 07' supposed to be our year
You confront my worst fears
And I had my doubts every time you was going out
Cause I knew you were tellin' me lies
And I can't get that outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Bridge:]
Wish I, Could wake up and forget about you
Not tryin to call you when I know I want to
(O wish I,) I gotta fight this feeling can't let it take over me
You just don't understand how much you were apart of me

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Oooo No) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop, missing you
I can't stop, missing you
(I don't wanna stop) I can't stop missing you
(Baby) I can't stop missing you,
No, No, No, No
I can't stop, Missin you



[Chorus: Andreena Mill]
I gotta make it out, or move quickly
Can't allow the past to restrict me
Bet this time around they won't skip me
I am the last hope
Don't hesitate not even for a second
The hustle has become an obsession
I'm on the front lines with my weapon
I am the last hope

[Verse 1: Kardinall Offishall]
Can you i-magine the last breath of Christ?
The last breath of Christopher Wallace on that faithful night
The last step that Martin Luther took as a man
I got the power of my world in my hand
The microphone brings life and death in the blink of an eye
I was born to provoke those born to die
I was conceived to beat all odds like Las Vegas
T-dot motherfucker watch the world rape us
Greatest strugglers hustle to succeed
Cross border smugglers tussle to burn weed
It means that pressure of success in the south
Niggas watchin' what I say magnifying my mouth
I never take back talk I apply the force
Hand blistering from many years of holdin' the torch
When the skin rebuilds it grows tougher than leather
So we can keep on holdin' it forever
My names Kardinall

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Drake]
Jealousy's suttin I haven't felt for years
There's nobody around for me to be jealous of
I bet you do a show in my city and no one cheers
Even if you make the music that ladies and fellas love and dove
I'm incredible fuckin' unforgettable
And when it comes to records 
I will eat it if it's edible
They say the futures always foreseen
That's why I'm steady getting more money, more cream
My flow is stuck in the moment that comes before dreams
I stay avoiding unlucky like 14
And people get behind 'im and they fight for 'im 
'Cause he wont let no other niggas write for 'im
And even when it's quite warm
The attitude coursing through the veins of my city is a ice storm
The name Drake and I don't take it for granted
I just take it you offended 'cause I'm taking advantage mayne

[Chorus]



[Intro]
I've got it made thats what I'm talking about
Goin down to the fashion store and get myself fitted out
Goin down to the dealers buy myself a brand new car
So me and my lady can riiiide

Check
I wish y'all coulda seen me back in high school
Backpack grey range black Ac'
Coulda had the stack out just to get a stack back
Double that school dance
Fresh jakes new pants
Back but fuck bitches get money was the new chat
It started out a boy like Hugh Grant
Now I'm a young man doin things you can't



I swear to Lord, same dudes use to laugh at me
See me in the CL6 with half a bead
They know that money begets money so naturally,
Me, I have to blow a couple stacks, hassle free
I'm like fuck ya'll haters on behalf of me
Cause I could flood the city with a staff of three
I'm talkin me and two partners in that caprice
With no copies made, I got the master keys
And fast cars, fast women, fast cash, and c.r.e.a.m
Commode you rappers like plasticine
I have the dream, but dawg, me and success are two things you don't wanna find yo ass between
Back against the wall like plasma screens
The inside of my wallet is pastured green
And you are now hangin with the asthma team
Sweetie catch your breath while I smash the scene
I should leave earth, nothin left to do here
Everyday is Christmas and every night is New Years
Say whatever, I never been concerned about who hears
Call my town Sparta and I'm comin with two spears
I'm tellin you dawg, always got the spring collection in fall
I run my bill up makin executive calls
And with me, women be bulidin these skeptical walls
But once you've slept with one dime, man you've slept with 'em all
Family, money, and music is all I ever knew
My necklace suffer from depression, it's forever blue
Cheer up baby you don't see all this revenue?
I started the game at level two
I'm sayin, stop actin like teen girls are my only market
I parallel to fly and spurk, Tony Barket
And it's cool if you spill something, it's only carpet
That's why I get my interior color only dark shit
Toronto's where you livin today, then you ain't makin records that people are driven to play
I would advise you to really make a move sooner than later
Cause these are only the joints that I'm givin away, you feel me?



[TALKING:]
I do this for ya'll man
Malice, Nickelus F, it's the REMIX!

[VERSE 1: Malice]
Lights slow motion, steppin' out the Phantom
All eyes on me, peekin' and glancin'
Leanin' on the wall, with b-boys dancin'
Ears, neck, and wrists lookin' like the king's ransom
One chick, each arm, makin' it a tandem
Flat here costing' like fifty grand standard
Bottles poppin', cars wit' options
We livin' like kings, homie, you just watchin'
And I'm a show for ya, marble flo' for ya
And that thing in the driveway, came with the spoiler
I ain't bluffin', cop jewels off the Russian
Diamonds in the Jesus, look like he's blushin'
Miami breezes, we cross seasons
Escaped indictments, thank you Jesus
Y'all haters ain't even got a clue
While we get this paper, and that's how we do

[BACKGROUND:]
R-E U-P G-A-N-G
R-E U-P G-A-N-G

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 2:]
Check, the verses I'm writing you might wanna learn it
You hatin my song but your wife wanna burn it
So now you at the store for some blank CDs
You can't see me, for your sake might wanna return it
Cause, if you bring them discs home to ya girl, she'll forget you
and I'll be the only one she concerned with
To the people that ignored me before this
This one is for you as a song re-recorded
Funny thing is, you just notice me now but I was here along
your vision's just been distorted
I'm so [?] I live this, you ask me what the business
and I write a sixteen and record it, uh
The waiting is over I think music need it
Drake cuttin his records without gettin weeded
People in the South want it chopped and screwed, I got this dude
they expectations Imma exceed it uh
Like a singer with only backgrounds ya'll record it
When it's done ya lyrics tend to mislead ish
Finally here Imma star with the timing
My swagger is chill, and my flow is reclining
This for anybody that's searchin for cash, and purchasing fast
you only get the dough when you grindin
And so I grind like I'm listening to I Wayne
MY pain, you can experience through the rhyming boy!

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

[VERSE 3: Nickelus F]

[CHORUS:]
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do

Stance on lean, leg up on the wall
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do
Do's what you do, I do what I do



[Drake]
Yeah, look...
Me and sos? we from two different walks of life
usually we understand theres a problem we don't talk to vice
the watch is yellowy-green thas sum awkward ice
I never signed for a mill' but been offered twice
I'm awful nice, lyrics that I often write
Spyin no talent rappers to get off the mic
And I could pick you up from work when you get off the night
drop you at the house soon as you get off the pike, man
I flow so cool like autumn nights
When I body this, tell me if the coffin's light
but don't try and tell me that a dolphins white
mislead drake that is not at all polite
It's a shame cause that's how the biz goes
Imagine if these other niggas flop and his blows
Bet I get a co-sign somethin like no time
They'll be trynna sub a nigga in like Quizno's

[Chorus: Sos & Drake]
All I need is sum weight, my scale, sum money for bail
A lil booth at the club for the whole cartel
nigga my drink, my smoke, a bird on E
And somethin heavy on my waist man I'm easy to please
I need my moms, my pa, a bottle of cliqua
the whole ATF you kno who we are..
my women, my money, and leave me the keys
of somethin fast and I'm good man I'm easy to please



D-d-d-d-damn what did I consume
Somethin spinnin fast either me or it's the room
I bet you it's the room cause I don't do no drugs
Or maybe it's that 'tron cause I sure do have a buzz
Baby either way I'm throwed and I am on a mission
So if ya ears a virgin id advise you not to listen
Cause this shit isn't kosher and this shit isn't christian
It's that muthafuckin heat you can find up in kitchen
Girl holla at yo nigga I got that shit for low
Ok maybe I don't but guarantee someone I know
Wait let me slow it down (down) I'm gettin ahead (head)
Plus it's gettin hot so I'm a take a seat instead (stead)
I'm lucky I ain't dead (dead) I'm on a rollercoaster ride ya'll
We all of age and I ain't got nothin to hide ya'll
And in this game I'm a tidal when the tides small
So drop me in and I release just like a time bomb

Every record that I've done the station here done played it
This the city that I run this the shit that I created
They tellin me I'm the one and I haven't even made it
Maybe I'm hearin thangs cause I'm feelin like I'm faded

I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded
I'm feelin like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded



Yeah Man (Aye)
You already know what it is (Aye)
Trey called Trigga (Aye)
Aye man (Aye)
Show them why you rappin homie (Aye)
Look

[Chorus]
I aint never been nothin but a underdog
And I aint gonna neva let a nigga hold me under dog
Still ride in the drop
With my mind on the knot
You niggas never take what I got
For my underdog

Just copped new shoes
Whip on two twos
Dick down you two
Throw it on youtube
Tell me what youd do
If I was to do you
Baby after one time
Sure to make you come back
Back like spinal
Stack like dominoes
Catch me out in Mexico
Hasta Manana though
Hasta la vista
Chest full of reefer
Rep for my set till the day I meet the reaper
Petersburg veteran
USA resident
In USA Today it aint a city I aint never been
Scared I aint never been
Yea I aint never been
Nothing but a underdog
But I'm never under yall
Still keep it under there
Right by the underwears
Still in the hood yeah
I aint talking outer wear
They be moving powder there
Which one of you out of there
Wanna get it
Cuz I'm with it
f**k yall the underdog

[Chorus x1]

Said I got my city buzzin
You should take a trip and view it
Shout out to Mr.Rogers
Cuz he's supposed to chop and screw it
And my liscense just expired
So I got to go renew it
Cuz I just bought a truck
And I am dying to debut it
And naw it aint a Buick
I never redezvous it
I'm just in the 'Burg with Trigga
And I'm faded off the fluid
I made alot of money
Then I went ahead and blew it
Now I'm trying to make it back
So how the f**k you want to do it
My nigga you better do it(Aye)...do it
I say this here's a practice song
And lately I been out in Hollywood
Just acting wrong
What up to Jackie Long
I f**k with Jackie Long
I clown other dudes on the low
I like to laugh alone
I get my cash alone
That's why I shop alone
This here's my uncle's car
I drive it and the top is gone
Your skin looks like you bathe in magnesia
And coppertone
And girl I heard your man's a fed
Don't bring that cop along
I'm running every single light
Aint one I'm stopping on
This here's a classic jump
That big things are popping on
So baby wipe me down
I sell a watch and swap a home
I'm in this solo
No I do not have a chaperone
I'm in a proper zone
That's right the doctor's home
This here's my time
And I don't even think your clock is on
I am a trader
And I'm telling you my stock is grown
I run my city
Got it mobile like the lock is gone
Keys out
I aint talking white though
Baby what you be's bout
I mean for tonight ho
If I break them trees out
Pull them Double D's out
So I can J Holiday that ass
Before I leave's out
Holla at me shawty

[Chorus x1]



[Drake:]
Yeah, 9th Wonder! Don't judge me man
They tend to say that us rappers are materialistic
They say we lack substance
Me, 'Te and El' bout to prove 'em wrong though

[Chorus: Drake]
Uh, we know what you're thinking love
You think we out smoking and drinking love
Pushing big whips, chains clinking love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me
We know how you speculate
Thinking we gon' hit your friend if you object to date
Claim we're early and be showing up extra late love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me

[Drake:]
Uh, El' be saying that I'm humble, I'm hella nice
For that I've been approached to sign to Roc-A-Fella twice
Haters tell you all the rumors they heard
And we laugh soon as you come and tell me like I'm Ellen Brice
My groove theory is that when you too cheery
They try to bring you down to the level they at
Well when they are all unhappy, then it gets a little sticky
That's why I am Little Nicky to these devils in rap
But, uh, they ain't thinking Drake get smart girl
Nah, they probably think I'll break your heart girl
Haha, I can't lie, you probably right about it
And if you give me the ass quick, I'll probably write about it
But I hate it when they judge me on how I sound
I mean I spit that influential shit from my town
I don't know why you sitting on the couch
When you see I got a bed, bring your ass here and lie down
You think taking your purse off
Will lead to me, you taking shirts off and then your skirt off
At least I got status because I could've been a local emcee
And you probably would've been worse off
So I'm a take this hat off, and I'm a hit it till I backs off
And then I'm back sorrowful
Cause you thinking you can predict what happen
You the reason I'm thinking I'm getting sick of rapping

[Chorus]

[Phonte:]
You probably think I walk around with my gun tucked and
Swang dick to these hoes like nunchucks
Well, you can think what you want but
I think you've been watching too much BET: Uncut
You need to get real and check out my real life
I ain't a tip-trail, don't care what it smell like
But if you feel like putting all your notions aside
And talking to a real nigga, I'd gladly oblige
First name Phonte, I'd be pleased to date ya
College educated, got degrees in papers
But I'm from the South where if you ain't snapping
Or rapping bout trapping youse a freak of nature
Such an anomaly, speak so well
And talk so collegy, such an astonishing
Contrast to all the bullshit you've been following
On behalf of them, I offer my apologies
Maybe with me you'll unlearn
Putting all niggas in a box of concerns
Me, cause I ain't dumb, shit I'm well reared/red like sunburn
And after me you'll never leave no stone unturned, uh, c'mon

[Chorus]

[Elzhi:]
They say you never judge a book by it's cover
Though you appear as materialistic, just like the others
So I followed your words to take 'em in
And I don't see what you saying so they coming off paper thin
That's when I felt that I would need to
Do more than just look you up and down to see if I could read you
And try to get inside your head only
Not just stick my fingers in your middle to get you to spread for me
So what I learned on my path to discover?
Your story took one ugly turn after another
I saw we wasn't on the same page
I would've gave you strong play but your words rubbed me the wrong way
So now I'm closing the case
You only out for the paperback that's written all over your face
No El' will never judge a book by it's cover
Until he seen what was in between and looked at what lies are under

[Chorus]



[Drake:]
Me and you so crucial baby and that champagne so fuchsia baby
I do things that you ain't used to baby
And take you back home to St. Lucia baby
When raindrops hit the tin roof it's crazy,
That's a metaphor did I lose you baby?

When you are wet
And covered in sweat
I wipe your ass down like Boosie baby

I love all my feed back
Tell me to give it to you if you need that
Touch right there whatever the speed's at
If it's over fast then I promise you a relapse

Forget what you guessin' I'm on
And who was in yo past
I'm a freshly grown
Just charge that cell that I message you on
And if you let us girl I'm a bring the dresser along

You hear that professional tone?
Half of that's ice and the rest PatrÃ³n
Show up on time for the class I'm teachin
'Cause guaranteed I'm a bring a lesson along

An you just gotta bring yo breasts along
Instead of holding out wondering what it could've been
I confess this address to you and
I'm the postman lookin for a slot I can put it in

With no NY number
Mom's still upstairs I'm two floors under
But my room's soundproof
You so tempted
To satisfy your urge so you don't wonder (yeah)

I know I told you before
I'll grab that for you like holdin' the door
'Cause mines is Polo and yours is Vicky
And they just spread all over the floor, like

[Robin Thicke:]
You feel so good
You smell so good
You feel so warm
Just like I knew you would
I can't let you go
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you
Teach you teach you teach you

You can call me professor
But baby you broke the rules
You won't get the grade you want
Unless you stay after school
You can work it off
Baby I can give you extra credit
But there's something else
You were late to school
Teach you teach you teach you
Girl can I frisk you
Search your body for
You look so guilty to me
If I make you nervous
It's 'cause you're hiding WMDs
And I'm gonna sentence you
Baby you can do your time on me
I can't let you go
I can't let you go

You were late to school
I'm gonna have to see you after class
You've been a bad girl
Someones gonna have to teach you a lesson
You've been a bad girl
Someone's gonna have to straighten you right out
You've been a bad girl



[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Drake:]
Nah,
I never needed advice about
All the things you liked to do when it was lights out
I drove nice cars
I got a nice house
But now I'm steady missing you like a strikeout
I always wished I would of cared more
That's my only feeling inside when ever I get a song done
I'm scared that every girl I care for
Will find a better man and end up happier in the long run
Ya, and when she not by my side
And I hear that she gone
Now it's like a shock to my pride
I don't care if she know
Cause that's basically just a male ego
Speaking aloud to some real people
But you can bounce back
Go ladies,
More records, more sex, more babies
Yeah, wanna grant one of my wishes
Tired missing you, I'm tryna make you a misses

[Trey Songz:]
I miss the way you kiss
I miss the way wear them heels and make it switch
Miss the way ya hair blows in the wind
And I miss you staying here till the morning
Miss the way you put on your makeup
Miss the way you love me too much
It's everything about you baby
Wanna know where you been lately
Do you go out, do you still live at your old house
Do you got somebody new in your life
Cause I can't get you outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop

[Trey Songz:]
Missin everything you say,
Missin all the crazy love we made
Why'd you throw it all away
I want you to know it's been hell tryna do this with out you here
Baby 07' supposed to be our year
You confront my worst fears
And I had my doubts every time you was going out
Cause I knew you were tellin' me lies
And I can't get that outta my mind

[Hook:]
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Bridge:]
Wish I, Could wake up and forget about you
Not tryin to call you when I know I want to
(O wish I,) I gotta fight this feeling can't let it take over me
You just don't understand how much you were apart of me

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Oooo No) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop missing you, (Can't Stop) wish I was still with you (With you)
I can't stop missing you NO, NO, NO, NO
I can't stop missing you, (Can't stop) wish I was still with you (with you)
I can't stop missing you, NO, NO, NO, NO

[Chorus:]
I can't stop, missing you
I can't stop, missing you
(I don't wanna stop) I can't stop missing you
(Baby) I can't stop missing you,
No, No, No, No
I can't stop, Missin you



[Snoop and some girl are in a bathtub]


Uhh, that felt good

Does it baby?

Yeah, rub my back for me

Where do you want me to rub it baby?

Right here

OK

Ohh

Turn around

Aight, check it out though

Why don't you put me on some music?

What you wanna hear baby?

Put me on some of that old gangsta shit

Aight
[ding dong] [needle scratching]

Damn! the fuck is that, everytime i'm chillin someone ringing my

motherfuckin doorbell

You want me to get that for you?

Yeah, handle that shit for me

Aight, i'll be right back

What the fuck?

[diffrent voices say thigs to snoop]

Hey Snoop!

Yo, what's up Snoop Dogg?!


Hey, hey, hey Snoop, what's goin on?

What's up G-Dogg?

Ohh nuttin, tryin to live between this guy

I met tonight to have some dirt no way man

Right right

That nigga fucked about right about now Dogg

I'm about ready to get up out this damn

I'm ready to get his shit up man

With motherfuckin law after me

Punk ass bitches, sucka ass niggaz

I can't take this shit no more dogg

What?! Man you wanna get out the game, come on man

ou can, smoke a pound of bud everyday

You got a big screen TV, man, you wanna give all this up?

You got the dopest shit out on the streets

Nigga, is you crazy? That's the American Dream nigga

Well ain't it? 

Fool, you better come on in

Wait wait wait wait hold up Snoop

Hey nigga, I put five dollars on the weed

You better quit fuckin with me

[Dre] It's time to get busy in this motherfucker...

Like we always do about this time



[Intro:]


Yeah....

This is another story about dogs

For the dog that don't pee on trees, is a bitch

So says Snoop Dogg, get your pooper scooper

Cuz the nigga's talkin shit

Aroof! [echoes]

[Verse One:  Rage]


I'm sippin on Tanqueray

with my my mind on my money and my mouth in the ganjahy

R-A-G to the motherfuckin E

Back with my nigga S-N double O-P
[Dre] Yeah, and ya don't stop

Rage in effect I just begun to rock
[Dre] I said yeah, and you don't quit
[Snoop] Hey yo Rage would you please drop some gangsta shit

I rock ruff and stuff with my Afro Puffs

Handcuffed as I bust bout to tear shit up

Oh what did ya think I, could never think I

Would be the one to make you blink out, I catch you like Inca

Never will there ever be another like me

Um you can play the left, cuz it ain't no right in me

Out the picture out the frame out the box I knock em all

Smack em out the park, like A Friendly Game of Baseball

Grand, slam, yes I am

Kickin up dust and I don't give a god DAMN

Cuz I'm that lyrical murderer

Pleading guilty, you know for my skills I'm about to be

Filthy large, Rage in charge

You know what's happenin don't try to play large

this ain't no Rerun, see hun, don't ya wanna be one

A cover, word to wreck ya, cause I never get my vocals

I'm loco, close to Constatanople, uhhh! 

I'll make 'em go coo-coo for my Cocoa

puffin stuff, aiyyo Snoop, you're up

Let these niggaz know that niggaz don't give a fuck!

[Verse Two: Snoop Doggy Dogg]


This is just a small introduction to the G Funk Era

Everyday of my life I take a glimpse in the mirror 

And I see motherfuckers tryin to be like me

Every since I put it down with the D-R-E

[Outro:]


Foamin at the mouth and waggin his tail

Searchin through the yards with a keen sense of smell

Lookin for the business in heat

And when he find it he'll be sniffin her seat

We travel in packs and we do it from the back

How else can you get to the booty?

We do it Doggystyle, all the while we do it Doggystyle

Yo motherfuckin hoes!!!

He fucked the fleas off a bitch

He shaked the ticks off his dick

And in the booty, he buries his motherfuckin bone

And if there's any left over

He'll roll over and take a doggy bag home


Damn, that Tanqueray is talkin to a nigga

I ain't bullshittin, one of y'all niggaz gotta get it

Man I got ta piss

Breath test?




I'm serious nigga one of y'all niggas got some bad motherfucking breath
Oh man aye baby, aye baby, shit,
Aye baby get some bubblegum in this motherfucker or something
Aye, nigga, get something to eat, dog
Study long, study wrong nigga

With so much drama in the L-B-C
It's kinda hard being Snoop D-O-double-G
But I, somehow, some way
Keep coming up with funky ass shit like every single day
May I, kick a little something for the G's
And, make a few ends as I breeze, through
Two in the morning and the party's still jumping
'Cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the living room getting it on
And, they ain't leaving 'til six in the morning, six in the morning
So what you wanna do, shit
I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
Butâbut what?âwe don't love them hoes
So we gon' smoke a ounce to this
G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this

[2x]
Rolling down the street, smoking indo, sipping on gin and juice
Laid back with my mind on my money and my money on my mind

Now, that I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
Now this type of shit, happens all the time
You got to get yours but fool I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listening to the D-O-G
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
Who listens to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
And get to macking to this bitch named Sadie
Sadie?
She used to be the homeboy's lady
Oh, that bitch
Eighty degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these N-U-Ts, 'cause you gets none of these
At ease, as I mob with the Dogg Pound, feel the breeze
Bitch, I'm just

[2x]
Rolling down the street, smoking indo, sipping on gin and juice
Laid back with my mind on my money and my money on my mind

Later on that day
My homie Dr. Dre came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat ass J, of some bubonic chronic that made me choke
Shit, this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic, yeah I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stopping, I'm still popping
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
To serve me, not with a cherry on top
'Cause when I bust my nut, I'm raising up off the cot
Don't get upset girl, that's just how it goes
I don't love you hoes, I'm out the door
And I'll be

[2x]
Rolling down the street, smoking indo, sipping on gin and juice
Laid back with my mind on my money and my money on my mind

Rolling down the street, smoking indo, sipping on gin and juice, bitch
With my mind on my money and my money on my mind
Rolling down the street, smoking indo, sipping on gin and juice, bitch
With my mind on my money and my money on my mind



[Verse One:]


Poppin, stoppin, hoppin like a rabbit

When I take the nina Ross ya know I gota ta have it

I lay back in the cut retain myself

Think about the shit, and I'm thinkin wealth

How can I makes my grip

And how should I make that nigga straight slip

Set trip, gotta get him for his grip

as i dip around the corner, now i'm on a-nother

mission, wishin, upon a star

Snoop Doggy Dogg with the caviar

In the back of the limo no demo, this is the real

Breakin niggaz down like Evander Holyfield, chill

to the next Episode

I make money, and I really don't love hoes

Tell ya the truth, I swoop in the Coupe

I used to sell loot, I used to shoot hoops

But now I, make, hits, every single day

With, that nigga, the diggy Dr. Dre

So lay back in the cut, motherfucker 'fore you get shot

It's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop

[Verse Two:]


Boy it's gettin hot, yes indeed it is

Snoop Dogg on the mic i'm about as crazy as Biz

Markie, spark the, chronic bud real quick

And let me get into some fly gangsta shit

Yeah, I lay back, stay back in the cut

Niggaz try to play the D-O-G like a mutt

I got a little message, don't try to see Snoop 

I'm fin to fuck a bitch, what's her name it's Luke

You tried to see me, on the TV, youse a B.G.

D-O-double-G, yes I'ma O.G.

You can't see my homey Dr. Dre

So what the fuck a nigga like you gotta say

Gotta take a trip to the MIA 

And serve your ass with a motherfuckin AK

You, can't, see, the D-O-double-G, cuz that be me

i'm servin um, swervin in the Coupe

The Lexus, flexes, from Long Beach to Texas

Sexist, hoes, they wanna get witht his

Cuz Snoop Dogg is the shit, beeeitch!

[Verse Three:]


Ahhhh, I'm somewhat brain boggled

So I look to the microphone and slowly start to wobble

Grab it, have it, stick it to the plug

It's Snoop, Doggy, I got a got a fat dub

Sack of the chronic in my back pocket loc

Need myself a lighter so I can't take a smoke

I toke everyday, I loc everyday

With the P-O-U-N-D and my nigga Dr. Dre

Lay back in the cut, like I told your ass

Gimme the microphone and let me hit you with a blast

I got a little cousin by the name of Daz

And bitches who fuck him, gimme the ass

Cuz they know about the shit that we be goin through

And they know about the shit that I be puttin up

And they be knowin bout the shit I do when I'm on the mic

Cause Snoop Dogg is Trump tight like a virgin, the surgeon

Is Dr. Drizzay, so lizzay, and plizzay

With D-O-double-Gizzay the fly human being seein

No I'm not European bein all I can

When I put the motherfuckin mic in my hand, and 

You don't understand when i'm kickin

Cuz Snoop is on the mic and I gets wicked, follow me

Listen to me, cuz I do you like you wanna be done

Snoop Doggy Dogg on this three two one, umm

Dum, diddy-dum here I come

With the gat and the guitar was strung, I'm

not that lunatic nigga who you thought I was

When I caught you slippin, I'm gon catch you then I peel your cap

Snapped back, relax

Ya better not be slippin with them deez on the '83 Cadillac

So we gonna smoke a ounce to this

G's up hoes down while you motherfuckers bounce to this




Domino motherfucker what's happenin?

Ahh nigga eat a dick nigga, don't break my momma's nice ass table nigga

Yeah fuck that, fuck what they talkin bout nigga

Rack them motherfuckin dominoes up nigga

Fuck that nigga, just look, look out for the table nigga

Fuck that

Aiyyo where's Snoop Dogg?

I don't know them niggaz went upstairs with that big booty bitch man

Ahh no he ain't bustin no nuts on my momma's spread

That nigga up there gettin his socks blown the fuck off

Gettin his ass chewed out

Better ask somebody

Balls licked up and down

Hell yeah

Aiyyo whassup with them niggaz that was on the TV dissin you?

Man fuck them niggaz, man I ain't thinkin about that old shit, man

Busta ass, HIV pussy-ass motherfuckers

Yo yo yo Daz, easy come, easy *blam*




Yeah, gotta say what's up to my nigga Slick Rick

For those who don't like it, eat a dick

But for those who with me, sing that shit

As it go a little something like this


La Di Da Di, we likes to party

We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody

We're, just some niggaz who're on the mic

And when we rock up on the mic we rock the mic (right)

For all my Doggs keepin y'all in health

Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself

Cuz it's cool when ya cause a cozy conditionin

Which we create, cuz that's our mission

So listen close, to what we say

Because this types of shit happens every-day

I woke up around 10 o'clock in the mornin

I gave myself a strech up, a mornin yawn and

went to the bathroom to wash up

I threw some soap on my face and put my hands up on a cup

and said um "Mirror mirror, on, the wall

Who is the top Dogg of them all?"

There was a rubble dubble, five minutes it lasted

The mirror said, "You are you conceited bastard"

Well that's true, that's why we never have no beef

So I slipped off my khakis and my gold leaf

Used Oil of Olay, cuz my skin gets pale

And then I got the file, for my fingernails

I'm true to the style on my behalf

I put some bubbles in the tub so I can take a bubble bath

Clean, dry, was my body and hair

I threw on my brand new Doggy underwear

for all the bitches I might take home

I got the Johnson baby powder and Cool Water cologne

Now I'm fresh, dressed, like a million bucks

Threw on my white sox, with my all blue chucks

Stepped out the house, stopped short, oh no

I went back in, I forgot my indo

Then I dilly (dally) I ran through an (alley)

I bumped into this smoker named (Sally) from the (Valley)

This was a girl playin hard to get

So I said "What's wrong?" cuz she looked upset

She said um


It's all because of you, i'm feelin said and blue

You went away, now my life is filled with rainy days

I love you so, how much you'll never know

Cause you took your dope away from me

A-huh, a-huh, ahuh


Damn, now what was I to do

She's cryin over me and she was feelin blue

I said, "Um, don't cry, dry your eye

And here comes your mother with those two little guys"

Her mean mother steps then says to me "Hi!!"

Decked Sally in the face and punched her in the eye

Punched her in the belly and stepped on her feet

Slammed the child on the hard concrete

The bitch was strong, the kids was gone

Somethin was wrong I said, "What was goin on?"

I tried to break up, I said, "Stop it, just leave her!"

She said, "If I can't smoke none, she can't either!"

She grabbed my closely by my socks

So I broke the hell out, and I grabbed my sack of rocks

But um, they gave chase, they caught up quick

They started cryin on my shoes and grabbin my dick

and sayin....


Why don't you give me a play

So we can brake it down the Long Beach way

And if you give me that okay

I'll give you all my love today

Doggy, Doggy, Doggy, can't you see

Somehow your words just hypnotize me

And I just love your jazzy ways

Doggy Dogg, your love is here to stay


And on and on and on she kept goin

The bitch been around before my mother's born!

I said, "Cheer up!" so I gave her a hit

I said, "You can't have me, I'm too young for you bitch!"

She said, "No you're not," then she starts cryin

I says I'm nineteen, she says, "Stop lyin!"

I says, "I am, go ask my mother

And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover"

Yeah, uhh, tic toc you don't stop

And to the, ah tic toc and you don't quit

Yeah, tic toc and ya don't stop, and to the

ah tic toc and ya don't quit, beeeotch!



[Intro: (Mista Grimm's "Indo Smoke" plays in the background)]


Ay ay Jaycee

Sup Aron?

Ain't that Snoop Dogg over there?

That that nigga with that blue coat on?

Yeah

Yeah oh yeah that's that nigga

Nigga roll up on the side of him man

Roll your window down  

Man hand me my motherfuckin Glock man gimme another clip

Cuz I'm gonna smoke this fool

Yeah roll the windows down

Yeah, OK there you go

Ay man, you Snoop Dogg?

Snoop?

Huh?

Snoop Doggy Dogg?

Man he's Snoop Dogg

Man fuck that nigga!!
[gun shots]

Nigga man!

Get that nigga man!

Man get up fool man, get up man, don't be tryin to run man

Get up on that fool man, I don't give a fuck

What set you got now?  Fuck you nigga!

Yeah nigga, whassup?

Nigga?

Yeah motherfucker

Yeah nigga, one less nigga

Yeah nigga, youse a dead motherfucker now

[Verse One:]


As I look up at the sky

My mind starts trippin, a tear drops my eye

My body temperature falls

I'm shakin and they breakin tryin to save the Dogg

Pumpin on my chest and I'm screamin

I stop breathin, damn I see deamons

Dear God, I wonder can ya save me

I can't die Boo-Boo's bout to have my baby

I think it's too late for prayin, hold up

A voice spoke to me and it slowly started sayin

"Bring your lifestyle to me I'll make it better"

How long will I live?

"Eternal life and forever"

And will I be, the G that I was?

"I'll make your life better than you can imagine or even dreamed of

So relax your soul, let me take control

Close your eyes my son"

My eyes are closed

[Chorus:]


Murder... murder was the case that they gave me

Murder... murder was the case that they gave me

[Verse Two:]


I'm fresh up out my coma

I got my momma and my daddy and my homies in my corner

It's gonna take a miracle they say

For me to walk again and talk again but anyway

I get, fronted some keys, to get, back on my feet

And everything that nigga said, came to reality

Livin like a baller loc

Havin money, and blowin hella chronic smoke

I bought my momma a Benz, and bought my Boo-Boo a Jag

And now I'm rollin in a nine-trizzay El Do-Rad

"Just remember who changed your mind

Cuz when you start set-trippin, that ass mine"

Indeed, agreed proceed to smoke weed

Never have a want, never have a need

They say I'm greedy but I still want mo'

Cuz my eyes wanna journey some more, really doe (check it out)


Now I lay me down to sleep

I pray the lord, my soul to keep

If I should die, before I wake

I pray the lord, my soul to take


No more indo, gin and juice

I'm on my way to Chino, rollin on the grey goose

Shackled from head to toe

25 with an izzl, with nowhere to gizzo, I know

them niggaz from the other side recognize my face

Cuz it's the O.G. D-O-double-G, L-B-C

Mad doggin niggaz cuz I don't care

Red jumpsuit with two braids in my hair

Niggaz stare as I enter the center

They send me to a leval 3 yard, that's where I stay 

Late night I hear toothbrushes scrapin on the floor

Niggaz gettin they shanks, just in case the war, pops off

Cuz you can't tell what's next

My little homey Baby Boo took a pencil in his neck

And he probably won't make it, to see twenty-two

I put that on my momma, I'ma ride for you Baby Boo

[Chorus 2X]

[flatline noise]




Six million ways to die, choose one

[Verse One: Kurupt, Daz]


It's time to escape, but I don't know where the fuck i'm headed

Up or down, right or left, life or death

I see myself in a mist of smoke

Death becomes any nigga that takes me for a joke

We hit a five dollar stick, now we puttin in work

Unaccountable amounts of dirt, death becomes all niggaz

anybody killa, you know what the deal is

Nigga, you know what the real is


I see some mark brand niggaz on the corner flaggin me down

Sayin, "Yo Daz, what's up with the Pound?

Is that nigga snoop alright? Aiyyo what's up with the crew?

Is them niggaz in jail, or are them niggaz through?"

i said, if you ain't up on thangs

Snoop Dogg is the name, Dogg Pound's the game

It's like this they don't understand

It's an everyday thang, to gangbang

Make that twist, don't be a bitch, let these niggaz know

What's up with you I represent the Pound and Death Row

And can't no other motherfucker in L.A. or Long Beach

and Compton, and Watts, see D-O-G's

Now, you can't come and you can't run, and you can't

see long to the G of the gang

One gun is all that we need, to put you to rest

Pump pump, put 2 slugs dead in your chest

Now you dead then a motherfucker, creepin and sleepin

6 feet deep in, fuckin with the Pound is

[RBX] Suicide, it's a suicide [4X]

[Verse Two:  Snoop Doggy Dogg]


The cloud becomes black, and the sky becomes blue

Now you in the midst of the Dogg Pound crew

Ain't no clue, on why the fuck we do what we do

Leave you in a state of paranoia, oooh

Don't make a move for your gat so soon cuz

I drops bombs like Platoon (ay nigga)

Walk with me, hold my hand and let me lead you

I'll take you on a journey, and I promise I won't leave you

(I won't leave you) until you get the full comprehension

And when you do, that's when the mission

or survival, becomes your every thought

Keep your eyes open, cuz you don't wanna be caught

Half steppin with your weapon on safety

Now break yourself motherfucker 'fore you make me

take this 211 to another level

I come up with your ends, you go down with the devil

Now roam through the depths of hell

Where the rest your buster ass homeboys dwell

Well...

[RBX] Suicide, it's a suicide [4X]


Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name

Serial killa, serial killa, serial killa


(Wake up in the morning, to Lucky Charms cereal)

[Verse Three: RBX]


Deep, deep like the mind of Minolta, now picture this! 

Let's picnic inside a morgue

Not pic-a-nic baskets, pic-a-nic caskets

And I got the machine, that cracks your fuckin chest plates

open and release them guts

Then I release def cuts

Brutal, jagged edged, totally ruffneck

Now everybody scream nuff respect to the X

Nuff respect given

Disrespect and you will not be livin

Word to momma, Emma, drama, dilemma

[RBX] Suicide, it's a suicide [4X]


Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name

Serial killa, serial killa, serial killa


(Wake up in the morning, to Lucky Charms cereal)



[Intro:]


EeeyiyiyiyiyahtheDoggPound'sinthehou-owwse (the bomb)

EeeyiyiyiyiyeahtheDoggPound'sinthehou-oww-owse

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (Dog)

[Verse One:]


From the depths of the sea, back to the block

Snoop Doggy Dogg, Funky, yes but of the Doc

Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same

Long Beach is the spot where I served my cane

Follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me, but don't lose your grip

Nine-trizzay's the yizzear for me to fuck up shit

So I ain't holdin nuttin back

And motherfucker I got five on the twenty sack

It's like that and as a matter of fact [rat-tat-tat-tat]

Cuz I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Yeah, so peep out the manuscript

 You see that it's a must we drop gangsta shit]

What's my motherfuckin name?

[Chorus:]


Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (yeah yeah yeah)

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)

Da-duh-da-da-dah

Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (Dog)

[Verse Two:]


It's the bow to the wow, creepin and crawlin

Yiggy yes y'allin, Snoop Doggy Dogg in 

the motherfuckin house like everyday

Droppin shit with my nigga Mr Dr. Dre

Like I said, niggaz can't FUCK with this

And niggaz can't FUCK with that 

shit that I drop cuz ya know it don't stop

Mr. One Eight Seven on a motherfuckin cop

Tic toc never the glock just some nuts and a cock

Robbin motherfuckers then I kill dem blood claats

Then I step through the fog and I creep through the smog

Cuz I'm Snoop Doggy (who?) Doggy (what?) Doggy [Dogg]

[Chorus:]


Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)

Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)

Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyoyoyoyoyoyo

[Verse Three:]


Now just throw your hands in the motherfuckin air

And wave the motherfuckers like ya just don't care

Yeah roll up the dank, and pour the drank

And watch your step (why?) cuz Doggy's on the gank

My bank roll's on swoll

My shit's on hit, legit, now I'm on parole, stroll

with the Dogg Pound right behind me

and up in yo bitch, is where ya might find me

Layin that, playin that G Thang

She want the nigga with the biggest nuts, and guess what?

He is I, and I am him, slim with the tilted brim

What's my motherfuckin name?

[Chorus:]


Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (Dog)

Da-duh-da-da-dah

Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (the bomb)

Da-duh-da-da-dah

Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (Dog) (the bomb)

Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)

Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg

Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)

What is, his name?  Snoop Dogg, and the Dogg Pound

(Dog) (the bomb)

Ohhh, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg (the bomb)

Yeah yeah (Dog) I know his name

C'mon Snoopy, c'mon Snoopy (the bomb)

And the Dogg Pound

Snoopy Dogg (the bomb) Snoopy Dogg

Snoopy Dogg (Dog)

(Dog, nasty dog, doggy dog)



[Verse One: Kurupt]


Well it's that slow flow, D-O-double-G, nigga

See these other fools but you can't see me, nigga

Who am I? (It's Kurupt motherfucker)

Do or die (We gives a fuck motherfucker)

So slow your roll, I'm In Control like Janet

The loc-est twenty-one year old nigga that's on this planet

Take it for granted, if ya wanna, cuz I'm gonna

grab my strap then clear the corner, beeotch!!

[Chorus: repeat 2X]


So all my bitches and my niggaz and my niggaz and my bitches

Wave your motherfuckin hands in the air

And if you don't give a shit

Like we don't give a shit 

Wave your motherfuckin fingers in the air

[Verse Two:  Daz, Kurupt]


Now on a one, two, three who could it be

Comin with a group of gangsta shit for ninety-three

So ninety-four's arrived nigga, back on up

And let me and my Dogg Kurupt fuck shit up

Now can't nobody see me here or there

wherever I bails, I put it down on the ground

Cuz ain't shit for sale in the Coupe

with the beat flossin off gold D's

And my cousin Snoop packs well, you know what I mean

And it don't take much, for the Dogg Pound to bust a cap

in your ass, for gettin us all fucked up

Now check it, it's a callin for niggaz like Doggs

who supposed to be the shit, but steadily bitchin like hogs

(Yes y'all) Walk the Doggs (yes y'all) Yiggy y'all

Stay full of that gin and juice and have a ball


I packs a strap, like that, I kicks it like this

Now how many bitches must get dick?

Before they say, that Daz is that nigga from back in the day

Ya never ever thought I'd see him bustin with Dr. Dre

Cuz I grips mics, I rips mics in half

Hoes be comin to my flat so I can tap that ass

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:  Kurupt]


You're headed my way, nigga you best to hit a U-turn quick

So what's happenin?  I'm cappin shit up like a Western flick

The kinpin of the clique, top notch

17 shot Glock cocked, so all nigga drop

The run of the mill fool get broke off for tryin to serve

the best Kurupt's era, peep the terror, cuz it's a murder fest

I smoke chronic everyday, so what have we

Another motherfucker, gettin served like some cavy

Now who, drops (ruff rhymes) I got full Juice like 2Pac

(plus I'm) rollin with two Glocks

Fly motherfuckers can't see Kurupt

Hellraisin like Pinhead, beware I'm tearin shit the fuck up

Slow your roll, like your legs was broken

Who's jokin?  Rakim never joked, so why should I loc?

Now that's my idol, check the vital rhyme flow doe

Runnin em like Flo Jo, stranded on Death Row

Mediocre motherfuckers die cuz I'm servin it

They can't fuck with or see me I'm mass murderin
[Smokin indo, look out my window I suppose] Yeah
[Niggaz don't understand how we kicks diffrent flows]

(I'm raw like new footage) I'm rugged like a BF Goodrich

(Bring your whole set and get your hood lynched)
[Drop to your knees like a dog in heat]

Peep the murderous styles and the poetical techiques

[Chorus]

[Verse Four: Rage]


Check it out, it's Rage, ready for the breakdown

Take down, when it comes to the mic I'm puttin my weight down

And that's 175 pounds of beed

beatin yo' ass down to the concrete

Fool, act like ya know

I'm stranded on Death Row with no where to go, so

What's a girl to do

Take out a crew, or two, a few, what you wanna do?

[Snoop] 

Throw your guns in the motherfuckin air, we don't care
[Dogg Pound] 

Niggaz don't give a fuck nigga
[Snoop] 

About nuthin at all, just my Doggs and clockin the grip bitch
[Dogg Pound] 

Niggaz don't give a fuck nigga
[Snoop] 

That's why I can kick it so tuff, cuz when times get ruff, my
[Dogg Pound] 

Niggaz don't give a fuck nigga
[Snoop] 

The clique i'm with, don't give a sheeit, ya know why?
[Dogg Pound] 

Real niggaz don't give a fuck

[Chorus]



[Intro:]


You're back now at the jack-off hour this is DJ, Eazy Dick

On W-Balls, right now, somethin new, by Snoop Doggy Dogg

And this one goes out to the ladies, from all the guys

A big bow wow wow, cuz we gonna make it a little mystery 

here tonight, this is DJ Eazy Dick, on the station that

slaps you across your fat ass, with a fat dick

[Verse One: Nate Dogg]


When I met you last night baby

Before you opened up your gap

I had respect for ya lady

But now I take it all back

Cause you gave me all your pussy

And ya even licked my balls

Leave your number on the cabinet

And I promise baby, I'll give ya a call

Next time I'm feelin kinda horny

You can come on over, and I'll break you off

And if you can't fuck, that day, baby

Just lay back, and open your mouth

Cause I have never 

met a girl

That I love 

in the whole wide world

[Verse Two: Kurupt]


Well, if Kurupt gave a fuck about a bitch I'd always be broke

I'd never have no motherfuckin indo to smoke

I gets loced and looney, bitch you can't Do Me

Do we like BBD, you hoochie groupie?

I have no love for hoes

That's somethin I learned in the pound

so how the fuck am I supposed

to pay this hoe, just to lay this hoe

I know the pussy's mines, I'ma fuck a couple more times

And then I'm through with it, there's nothing else to do with it

Pass it to the homie, now you hit it

Cause she ain't nuthin but a bitch to me

And y'all know, that bitches ain't shit to me

i gives a fuck, why don't y'all pay attention

Approach it with a different proposition, I'm Kurupt

Hoe you'll never be my only one, trick ass beeeitch!

[Chorus:  (repeat 4X)]


It ain't no fun, if the homies can't have none

[Verse Three: Snoop Doggy Dogg]


Guess who back in the motherfuckin house

With a fat dick for your motherfuckin mouth

Hoes recognize, niggaz do too

Cuz when bitches get skanless and pull a voodoo

What you gon do?  You really don't know

So I'd advise you not to trust that hoe

Silly of me to fall in love with a bitch

Knowin damn well, I'm too caught up with my grip

Now as the sun rotates and my game grows bigger

How many bitches wanna fuck this nigga named Snoop

Doggy, I'm all the above

I'm too swift on my toes to get caught up with you hoes

But see, it ain't no fun, if my homies can't get a taste of it

Cause you know I don't love em

[Verse Four:  Warren G]


Whoa!

Hey, now ya know, inhale, exhale with my flow

One for the money, two for the btiches

Three to get ready, and four to hit the switches

In my Chevy, six-fo' Rad to be exact

With bitches on my side, and bitches on back

So back up bitch cuz i'm strugglin, so get

off your knees and then start jugglin

these motherfuckin nuts in your mouth

It's me, Warren G the nigga with the clout

Whoo!

[Chorus]




Can we get a motherfuckin moment of silence, for the small chronic break?

A-hah, niggaz be brown-nosing these hoes and shit.

Takin bitches out to eat, and spendin money on these hoes, knowhatI'msayin?

I treat a bitch like 7-Up I never have I never well

I tell a bitch like this

Bitch, you without me is like Harry Melvin without Bluenotes

You'll never go platinum

Hey Daz, give me a light nigga



[Intro:]


We'd like to welcome y'all to the fabulous Carolina West

I own this motherfucker and my name is Taa-Dow

Y'all niggaz know who I am y'all niggaz tearin up shit

But we got somethin old, and somethin new for y'all tongiht

Put your hands together for Snoop Doggy Dogg

The Dogg Pound, and the fabulous Dramatics

[Verse One: Snoop Doggy Dogg]


It's like everywhere I look, and everywhere I go

I'm hearin motherfuckers tryin to steal my flow

But it ain't no thang cause see my nigga Coolio

Put me up on the game when I step through the do'

Ya know, some of these niggaz is so deceptive

Usin my styles like a contraceptive

I hope ya get burnt, it seems ya havn't learnt

It's the nick nack patty wack, I still got the bigger sack

So put your gun away, run away, cuz i'm back (why?)

Hit em up, get em up, spit em up, now

Tell me what's goin on

It make me wanna holler, cuz my dollars come in ozones

Lone for the break-up, so take off your clothes

and quit tryin to spit at my motherfuckin hoes

Seakin of hoes, I'll get to the point

You think you got the bomb cuz I rolled you a joint

You'se a flea and i'm the big Dogg

I'll scratch you off my balls with my motherfuckin paws

Y'alls, niggaz, better recognize

And see where I'm comin from it's still East Side till I die

Why ask why?  As the world keeps spinning to the D-O-Double-G-Y

[Chorus:]


It's a crazy mixed up world, it's a Doggy Dogg World

It's a Doggy Dogg World, it's a Doggy Dogg World

The Dogg's World

[Verse Two:  Kurupt]


Well if you give me ten bitches then I'll fuck all ten 

See my homey Snoop Doggy sippin juice and gin

Don't slip, I'm fo' to set trip, to get papers

Styles vary, packin flavor like Life Savors

Ain't that somethin, talk shit and I'm dumpin

I had your whole fuckin block bumpin

Don't sweat, but check the tecnique, I'm unique like China

Ya never find the bomb-a-rama then this Nigga behind ya

So peek-a-boo, clear the way, I'm coming through

One-two, three, you can't see me

I'm a G like that strapped with hit hard tactics

A fuckin menace, usin hoes like tennis rackets

It's on again, it's on and poppin

All I see is green, so there ain't no stoppin

I wanna see some panties droppin

I'm comin from L.A., she used to chill with Dre up in Compton

(All I ever did was just use that hoe

 Show her my dickies, get with these, and kick flows)

I'm dishin out blues, I'm upsetting like bad news

Cut off khakis, french braids, and house shoes

Kurupt, the name's often marked for catchin slugs

and I smoke weed for the fuck of it

Ruff and rugged shit, it's unexplanitory how I gets wicked

but it's manditory that I kick it

Check it, I'm runnin hoes in 94, now must I prove it

Hoes call me Sugar Ray for the way I be stickin and movin

Prepare for a war, it's on, I'm head huntin

Hit the button, and light shit up like Red Dawn

Peep, the massicre from a verbal assassin

Murderin with rhymes packin Tec-9's for some action

You really don't know, do you, you fuckin wit a hog

You can't do me, I'm goin out looney like O-Dog

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Daz]


Tha Dogg Pound rocks the party (all night long)

Tell when (till the early morn)

It don't stop (and uh) it don't quit (for the)

The Dogg Pound clique (to drop the cavvy Dogg shit)


Diggity Daz out of the motherfuckin cut once mo'

So grab a seat and grab your gin and juice and check out the flow

I flip flop and serve hoes with a fat dick

Till I die I'm still screamin that (bitches ain't shit)

Now i'm the mack daddy, had he, not known about 

the city where I'm from, dum diddy dum

As you groove to the gangster shit

The D-O-Double-G the P-O-U-N-D, the gangsta clique

Now as the Pound break it down with the gangsta funk

I can see and I can tell that's what the fuck you want

So I blaze up the chronic, so I can get high

I promise I'll smoke chronic till the day that I die

[Chorus]



[Intro:]


Good Morning boys and girls, i'm your

substitute teacher, Mr. Buckwort

the topic Fo' today is, what you wanna be when you grow up

you, over there in the jean shirt, what you wanna

be when you grow up?

- i wanna be a police officer

alright, that's a pretty good profession

you over there in that black shirt 

what you wanna be when you grow?

- i wanna be a fire man

alright, that's a pretty good profession too

you, back there in those french braids, what's yo name?

- my name is Snoop

alright Snoop, what you wanna be when you grow up?

- i wanna be a motherfuckin hustla, ya betta ask somebody



[Chorus:]


This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas

This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz

This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas

This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

[Verse One:]


Freeze, at ease, now let me drop some more of them keys

It's 19-9-tre so let me just play

it's Snoop Dogg, I'm on the mic, I'm back with Dr. Dre

But this time I'ma hit yo' ass with a touch

To leave motherfuckers in a daze, fucked up

So sit back relax new jacks get smacked

It's Snoop Doggy Dogg I'm at the top of the stack

I don't lack for a second, and I'm still checkin

The dopest motherfucker that ya hearin on the record

it's me, ya see, S-N-double-O-P

D-O-double-G-Y, the D-O-double-G

I'm fly as a falcon, soarin through the sky

And I'm high till I dizzie, rizzide

So check it, I get busy, I make your head dizzy

I blow up your mouth like I was Dizzy Gillespie

I'm crazy, you can't phase me

I'm the S oh yes, I'm fresh, I don't fuck with the stress

I'm all about the chronic, bionic ya see

Every single day, chillin with the D-O-double-G's

P-O-U-N-D that's my clique, my crew

Ya fuck with us, we gots to fuck you up 

I thought ya knew, but yet and still

Ya wanna get real, now it's time to peel, ya say chill

and feel, the motherfuckin realism

Snoop Doggy Dogg is on the mic i'm hittin hard as steel nigga

[Chorus]

[Verse Two:]


How many hoes in your motherfuckin group

Wanna take a ride in my 7-8 Coupe, DeVille

Chill, as i take you on a trip

where them niggaz ride, and slide, you know about the East Side

Niggaz like myself, here to show you where it's at

With my hoes on my side, and my strap on my back

Papers I stack daily, and Death Row is still the label that pays me

but you know how that goes

We flow toe for toe, if you ain't on the Row

Fuck you and your hoe, really doe, so check it

It's Snoop Doggy Dogg on the solo tip

Still clockin grip, and really don't give a sheeit

about nuttin at all, just my Doggs, steppin through the fog

and i'm still gonna fade em all

With the gangsta shit that keeps ya hangin

How many hoes in ninety-four will I be bangin?

Every single one, to get the job done

As I dip, skip, flip, right back to two one

Where the sun be shinin and i be ryhmin

It's me, Snoop D-O-double-G, and I'm climbin

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:]


I come creepin through the fog with my saggin Dukes

East Side, Long Beach, in a 7-8 Coupe DeBille

I'm rollin with the G Funk, bumpin in my shit and it don't quit

So drop it on the one motherfucker put together that set

A nigga with a grip of that gangsta shit

With the Eastside hoes on my motherfuckin dick

And the Compton niggaz all about to set trip

Swing it back, bring it back, just like this

And if you with my shit, then blaze up another spliff

And keep the motherfuckin blunt in your pocket loc

Cuz Doggy Dogg is all about the zig zag smoke

See it's a West coast thing, where I'm from

And if you want some, get some, bad enough, take some

But watch the gun by my side

Because it represents me and the motherfuckin East Side

So bow down to the bow wow, cause bow wow

yippie yo, you can't see my flow

My shit is dope, original, now you know

And can't no hood fuck with Death Rizzow

[Chorus]




Oh shit is, is that Snoop over there?  Oh shit

Fuck that nigga bitch.  My name is Sam Sneed you betta recognize

Aiyyo, aiy, I'm sorry, I just love that nigga he is so fine

Man fuck that nigga

His music is so fuckin dope

Hey look Sam man, I gotta go pee I'll be right back aight

Yeah aight

Yeah yeah I'm just slidin you know

Get this Henny tap in my vein

Yo Snoop whassup Snoop?

Ay, hold up, yo

Hey, how you doin?

Whas happenin?

Yo Snoop you know I just love your shit you are just so fine to me

Aiyyo bitch, bring your black ass back over

What the fuck's wrong with you?

Yo whas happenin is that your nigga or somethin?

Look check this shit out that nigga he don't run me OK?

I'm talkin to you that's all

Yeah whassup nigga?  What the fuck's wrong with you?

Yo nigga whas happenin fool?

You know the name of the game, your bitch chose me

Nigga we can handle this like some gentlemen

or we can get into some gangsta shit

So whassup nigga?

Have it your motherfuckin way

Well whassup?

That's whassup nigga



[Verse One:]

[static]
Pump Pump, Pump Pump, Pump Pump, Pump Pump
Pump Pump

Let the motion of your body be the key, cuz we 
be the motherfuckin G Funk family
Now, I'll play the G in this deadly game
Snoop Dogg is the name Dogg Pound's the game
If it ain't one thing it's a motherfuckin nother
Word to my granny and my daddy, and my mother
Whether standin on the corner, or bouncin in the six-deuce
When I was locked up, I couldn't wait to get loose
Cuz back in the days, on the side where it's at
A nigga had to have a fat stack
And I was a fool, don't make me have to grab my strap and go
rat-tat-tat-tat, nigga slap to a motherfucker face he fall
Can't none of y'all niggaz see the Doggy Dogg
Cuz I'm one rude bwoy comin with the wickedness
So shut the fuck up, and listen while I'm kickin this

[Chorus: (repeat 2X)]

Blam blam, blam to dem all
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg (pump pump)

[Verse Two: Snoop]

Now you can look to the Sun, and spot the moon
And see Snoop Doggy Dogg step into the room
With the G funk, he funk, she funk, we funk
Follow me, follow me, listen to the words that a nigga...
I come down with the wickedness
One rude bwoy comin with the darkness (blam!)
Close your eyes cuz you can't see me
I quit school cause of recess you fuckin B.G.
I'm shakin up the party, like Lodi Dodi
Is he the dopest? Ya betta ask somebody
When, then, send, some gin
And a pack of zig zags now let the games begin
In nineteen-motherfuckin-ninety-three
I'm fuckin up every nigga known in the indistry
Check this out, it's a Dogg Pound thang
You know who I am you know my motherfuckin name, who am I?
(The S-N-Double-O-P) nickname (Silky Smell) last name (D-O-double-G)
The behavior and the flavor that I found
Makes me wanna hit that ass up with the Dogg Pound

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Malik]

Now just back up, don't act up, I pack up much heat
Any battle I'm in, I win, I can't be beat
Don't sleep while I creep peep out my technique
I forgot, I'm out of sight so you can't see the
MC of the year, you hear and you fear
i got somethin for them niggaz in the front and the rear
I handle the sides, did a driveby in the who-ride
I'm satisfied now everything is really alright
You know when I come nigga I come wicked
Don't need no permisison, motherfucker I'ma kick it
Niggaz sweat my shit I wet em up with the biscuit
Lick em up shot, it don't stop, till dem all drop
Make up your mind, go pop or slang rocks
Just stop, rottin on the next niggaz jock
I'm strapped with my glock on your block
And ready to let loose on the first imitator that I spot

[Chorus]




I put down more hits than mafioso made

And Lucky Lucianno 'bout to sing soprano

And I know, I know the way you feel

And baby bubba we gon' keep it on tha real

Just to get you caught up in amazement

We puffin' on Cubans so it might get dangerous

But when it isn't, you can sit izzon bizzack

And let the Bizzow Wizzow ride the trizzack, ha ha

How you feelin'? I'm up to dealin', ridin' like a villan

Makin' a killin', thrillin' the crowd wit my new hairdo, 

Outfits unused, fifty dollar socks, hundred-thousand dollar shoes

Man, I'm givin' blues to these sucka MC's

Who you be? You know who I be, young nigga

I'm Tha DoggFather

[Chorus]

Snoop Doggy Dogg is Doggy Dogg Father (Father)
[Repeat]


Let's make a move for this paper (Where we rollin' Dogg?)

We got's ta get paid (Makin' money all ya'll)

I mean I steps to tha stage in my G-boy stance

And say a few rhymes to make your girl wanna dance

I'm so fly like a dove

I come from up above

You trippin' on your girl cause she showed me love

Nigga don't beat em, cause if you beat em, you don't need em

You lay your hands on me, watch how fast I take your freedom

I delete em, but don't mistreat em

I stay up on em, and that's one ta grow on, 

Let me flow on

You can rock to tha rythme you see 

or you can rock to tha rythme of me

Just remember when you do your thang,

Make sure you do your thang on a hang

And everythang, is everythang

There ain't no mo' than this paper chase

Like them white-boy DA's was on tha case

You know I ain't tryin' ta floss, but uh,

(Murder, murder, murder) was the case that they lost

I'm Tha DoggFather

[Chorus]


Now, do anybody in tha house remember

When there wasn't no Snoop Dogg? (Hell yeah!)

There wasn't no rappers hollin' 'bout LBC

Am I trippin' ya'll? (Hell no!)

Now, when I grow up, I wanna be like Snoop

Have prestigious women 

That's the truth from the begining

In and out of the flyest hotels

You say your family don't know me

Hold on hommie, that's formost and promos

Sales, tails, scales and jails

Success before death

No one in my clique fails

As females with the almighty Father lead

Succeedin' ta give my peep's just what they need

And it ain't no party like this kind, 

Cause you can leave your worries behizzind

But I'ma git back to tha grizzind

Snoop D-O double G comin' back for mizzine and

I'm tha DoggFather

[Chorus (Repeat until fade out)]



[Intro/Chorus:]


Up jump tha boogie to the bang bang boogie

while you're bangin on ya baby OG's

That's why I flip the script to the boogie bang homey

If I'm hangin it's with DPG
[repeat]

[Verse 1: Snoop Doggy Dogg]


Some do the things that they do cos they dumb

and some do the things that they do for crumbs

I do mine for me ya see?

Not the big homey double O-G

Scared to do your own work, man that's fast

and that's the reason why I had to shoot you down

because you never should've tried to work my Dogg

and the lil homey wouldn't had no reason to bump

Y'all know the game ain't the same no mo'

Lil G's keep heat so big G's freeze, geez!

Johnny Rockafella went to jail-er

few many times too many and became a teller

They sell a nigga dreams if he want em

but they won't sell you the game to get up on em

Ya tryin ta find em cos you want em, they shook out

Get the book out and when the pitch come, nigga look out

it ain't hard to pump up the lil homies nigga

but it's hard for your bitch ass to get wit us

But it's steel, you put it in their head

that at 13 they better off dead (now they gone)

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Kurupt]


Aiyo Snoop, why would niggas get into the bracket

and make a loot, niggas want trip

Spittin like "you spoke beef from the hood

Show me love nigga or don't show me shit"

Feel the fever, million dollar male like Cole Severs

Made a non-believin man into a believer

Receive a cheque the next day, my homies say

"it's the way to get paid", DP's and pay

I don't know why you wanna get on my back? (why?)

Trippin cos you know the bomb's at where I'm at

Well if that's the case you shoulda roll

wit the PG instead of losing control (motherfucker)

This is how we do, Dogg Pound Gangstas in blue

Me, D-A-Z, N-A-T-E and Snoop

Niggas from Seth be tryin to set you cos you settin your ways

so ask DJ Pooh what pays

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]


Just what we need, bangin on wax another trip

What you gon' do nigga, jack the mothership?

You're like a actor wit another script

Predictable as Rambo wit another clip

How many niggas you gon' kill in your verse?

You need to sit down and learn to get down first

cos, uhh, real hoo-bangers are toast-slangers

not part-time FBI singers

Niggas havin bad intentions, sendin BG's on a mission

One move too many, nigga you missin

Listen you fuck wit the cyco-lic-no

loony ass nigga from your H-doubleO-D

Niggas got too flossy from all the sex they tossin

but guess what it cost em, they crossin me

But before I give a nigga a 9

I'd rather give a nigga a mic and write him a rhyme

[Chorus x1 1/2]



[Intro: (Snoop talking with homey)]

[Homey:] Ai Dogg, let me holla at'cha man
[Snoop:] Wuz up home?
[Homey:] Word is on the streets

Your beats gone be delicate since Dre did shake the spea's out,

man.
[Snoop:] Delicate? Beats?

So that's what makes me now?

Man, I don't give a fuck about no beat


(Now let me shake that shit man)

(I hear ya Dogg)

(It's a cold, cold thing!)

(It's a cold thing!)

(For real, hmm!)


I got more niggas tryin to get at me than the President do sometimes

Niggas be tryin to get at me cos I be droppin funky rhymes

What the fuck is goin on? This rap game is made to make money

You niggas is taking the shit outta hand, actin' way too funny

Doin too much, y'know I see it from the get-go

What the fuck's goin on wit you niggas, y'all tryin to play a low pro

And tryin ta be hard and tryin ta be big willies or whatever they call it

I guess it's time for me to act just like an alcoholic

And step to the game, I'm a stumble in like I don't know

And if a nigga say somethin wrong, I'm takin off from the get-go

I ain't givin no room to try to get me first

Cos I done been bombed on before and I'ma tell you, man, that's the worst

Fifth in the world, but I'ma keep my thang together

Cos I'ma keep makin money and hope everything is still together

Havin papers, man, now what y'all niggas doin?

All y'all broke on the corner, drinkin your drink, wanna be doin what I'm

doin

But don't get mad and don't be tryin to play-hate

Cos, uhh, takin trips around state to state

Representin, uhh, what y'all wanna represent

But y'all can't represent it cos y'all got no dollars, no cents

I'm movin on, groovin on and I'm movin

Makin more moves than the average Cuban

Tryin ta get G's across the town, tryin ta make more hits

And tryin ta get my game tight and get at your bitch

Now if she wants to get with this, she gone come holla at a player, do'

Cos she know that Snoop Dogg is got that white Rolls Royce

And she wants to jump in, bring a friend

Cos everything is like alphabet, come on in

Come on in and bring a friend and you can come on back

Cos when you do, we gone be sippin on some Cognac

It's on me, I'm feelin good tonight

Cos I'ma do mines and I'ma keep everything tight

I ain't lettin nothin leak cos if thangs leak, then I'm get caught

And I can't get caught cos you know how they do it about that child support

Shit, bitches is cold on a nigga who ain't got his game tight

Gettin 18-point-5 percent, half your life

Shit, I love my baby boy and all

But I ain't gonna be payin no bitch, no no, no way Dogg

I'm too slick on my toes, I'm too tight

I'm guaranteed to get away from some shit like dat, ain't that right

Cos, uhh, when you play in this game you got to be the real player

You can't be no fake ass nigga talkin about you wanna be the man

Cos if you ain't with the game, the game ain't gonna be wit you

And I can put that on everything including you

[Interlude: (Snoop talking)]


One of every five black males berfore the year 2000 will be detained or

deceased

No justice, no peace

Yeah the truth hurts, we scared to go to church


Look here, but don't cut it, gettin five points

Step back for a second, I'm puttin less than five to this joint

Hmm, if this is the bomb niggas gonna blow up like Atlanta at the Olympics

Niggas be trippin but I'll be pimpin

I don't be trippin off no nigga at all, no bitches

Just tryin to get money, I don't even be trippin off no switches

I used to like low-riders but now I like Eastsiders

I put it down wit me and make a hit maker, y'knowhatI'msayin?

I love the Lakers now cos now they got Shaq O'Neal

It's time to make a million dollars and that's for real

See we gone blow up and show up and throw up nuttin but Dogg Pound

Give it to ya ta put it down and we'll be round to your town

So just sit in your seats and wait til we come through

Until we do just keep smokin grey and blue

Or whatever you do just stay true to what you do

Cos we gone keep doin what the fuck we got to do

Now, follow me now and listen to the instructions

Cos the game's gonna get deep now, niggas is tryin ta creep

Tryin ta get up on game but they don't wanna be down with the PG

All of a sudden everybody wanna dis DP

Now, what we look like?

Makin y'all diss us, that ain't right

I should get upset but I'ma stay composed

Chill for a second, spit at some hos

Drinkin my drink, smokin my dank

Countin my bank, uhh that shit stank

Stanky bank is what I got cos I'ma keep it

And nah this ain't no motherfuckin secret

[Interlude: (Snoop talking)]


Yeah, we're in drought season

Niggas lookin for a reason

It's like thanksgiving without the feast

Yeah the truth hurts, we're scared to go to church


They got me runnin from my life, I'm jumpin gates

They got dogs on my ass, but I'm a Dogg

So I know how to alert and get wit dat shit

The dog run up on me I give him a cold

Like nigga back up off me

He turn around and bite the police, hmm

Game recognise Snoop Dogg too cold, I'm on my toes

I slide in the back of a garage, dippin with this ho

They run right past me, ask me "Have I seen the suspect?"

"Yeah, he went that way", now for the jack



[Intro/Chorus: Charlie Wilson]


Ain't no funk, it's funky, it's Doggystyle (Ain't it funky nuff?)

(Death Row-ow, Death Rowwwww)

(Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce)
[repeat]

[Verse 1: Snoop Doggy Dogg]


Shucks, stompin in my big blue chucks

More bounce to the ounce while I'm ditchin you clutz

Bump-bump-bump-bump while you're bumpin your sounds

It's the zoo and the Pound we don't fuck around

Relax your mind and let your conscience be free

and get down, stompin grounds is the LBC

I slid up out the game and MC's get wacked

but now I'm back (Oh shit!), so go get your strap

Watch your head, I break wit

wit G's, Muslims, hardheads and dreds

Bounce, rock while rollerskatin

on them 20 inch tyres wit the platinum Daytons

I'm not that BG poppin all that junk

about "I'll fuck you up", he sound like a punk

I been there and done that, no inspiration

All day illustration beat conversation

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]


I keep niggas in the studio, word is bond

Been workin on ya new album for two years strong

and still can't come up with the right song

You know what they say:'Study long, study long'

All aboard the train so come along

cos we keep the glue stuff against the bone

It's alright ain't no room for wrong

Doggyland is the motherland, make yourself at home

I got money loads by the barrels

I even got a few fans that's crazy like DeNiro

I'm international money maker, player hater

shhok up off the sake of spendin dollars and I always holler

at a player though cos players know the real from the fake

You can put that on your toast, your coast and your state

I give you people what you like

What I look like in jail and can't get on the mic

[Chorus x1 1/2]

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]


Killin up crews, give em the real street blues

Have em slidin in their eelskins, groovin in their tennis shoes

Of course it don't stop bein a Westside ridah

Wit no tattoo that's how they got the clue

I lay conversation on wax and CD's

BG's and o-riginals, here come the mission

Makin biters ride the Pound for the rest of the season

Doggy DPG ya lil homey, uhh

I represent the LBC-ment

Windows tint, nigga that's the president

I hit you with a tune every blue moon

Collard on your plate so you can stuff it in your face

Nigga say your Grace before you touch your plate

It taste like it's laced but it ain't

This one puff uncut, no doubt

Everybody know I gotta ounce and a half

[Chorus x1 1/2]

[Outro:]


Shucks

(Oooh ooh ooohhh oooohhhh ooh, oooh oooh oooohhhh ooh)

(Death Rowwww, Death Rowwww)
[repeat]



[Snoop Dogg]


Josey Wales was known for robbin trains and things

layin everybody down for diamond rings and chains

It remains the same in the year you live in, see

Cos if I pull out some heat, nigga, you'll go kick in

And that's just the rules set by the fool from the ol' school

When it's time to duel, you get two men

Two heaters, one street, one clock

and when it strike twelve one of y'all gon' drop

If you're quick on the draw you're gon' see the morgue

but if you're too slow

I catch you on the downlow (Oh no)

Oh no, you mean The Kid, shit's real

I ain't no John Wayne, these niggas gangbang

The Four Horsemen, that's the click I'm wit

You mean the little bitty niggas with the itchy trigger fingers

Yeah, we're on a mission ta Kansas, slippin thru Texas

We stopped at Bonanza to get us some hot cakes

bacon and eggs, and then we slip in the whorehouse to get us some leg

Hop back on the horses, enforcers of courses

The niggas in black, the fearless Four Horsemen

Searchin for this location on the map

The gold rush, baby, got ta have it (I gots ta have it)

It feels just like it's 1865

and a trigger look-a-day is how I ride

[Kurupt]


On and on and on it's more strange

Time to heat, shootin range

Quick with the heat on their hip

Young Jesse James come to test your aim

I seen you at th e Wild Horny Corral

I hearda ya name

Tha forcify, nigga you ain't never lie

Besides I'm in the mood so at high noon we ride

From coast to coast, niggas mash on every stage coach

My disciples with rifles lethal in whole posts

The off-the-rocker roller coaster

On a six-shooter holster

with DPG on every Wanted poster

Let me think about which bank to gank

which fellow ta shoot and which teller to shank

I want all the shit you got in stacks

attached to this skirt in the corner

so I snatched the bitch in the back

The Dogg in me feels for the lust

but the hogg in me makes me wanna bust

Back to the drawin down board

Nowadays we drawn down more

To survive thru all the round wards

Battle up or saddle up and shake the scene

or get'cha pockets shaken, clean the slugs in ya spleen

I can't help it, I'm heartless, ya can't hack it

With my six-shooters on my hips and dusty jacket

Like that cock back

quick to pull my strap

Just to put the Horsemen on the map

(The gold rush)

[???? from LBC Crew]


Born is Doggystyle, individual, James got the hots

I got the six shots for all the plans and plots

I gots lots o' cash stashed in money bags

Worthy workers for all the Russian blabbermouths and gags

I got stacks so my stacks excell

Hop in the coach wit my twelve Clydesdales and bells

I'm on the move, smooth, to my decoy horse

A 30-30 on my side to shoot a nigga o' course

It ain't no stoppin young Josey

Box all the nosey

Headed to the saloon with my platoon where all the hos be

Left a dusty trail, bailed in swell

Gold spurs on the Gators, set back the clientele

Oh well, for the recop I drop my bet

Divide between my homies and ride the sunset

[Bad Azz from LBC Crew]


Two sacks o' money from the train heist

They ain't even counted it up

just mounted it up

Rode west toward the coaster, six-shooters in the holster

Pass thru a run-down town whose walls hold my poster

Closer I get ta death which is every second makes me sweat

so I gotta have what I can get

Heard word about the gold rush and headed West

on my white horsey with three straps in my napsack

Giddy up, the next town I rode thru

I had to threaten to blow their city up

Undebts with Chief Black, caught five miles west

sell us some beads and hail us some weed

He offered me a toke

he didn't have a 20 he had they beads-pipe smoke

I almost choked

Break him for the get, right, I'm off into the sunset

tryin ta reach my destiny fast

It's these two bags o' cash

44's cocked I ain't makin no mo' stops

till I hit the spot, I made it twelve on the dot

I slid off my boots, counted my loot

Five minutes after the strike of midnight

I counted 200 Gs, I cocked my strap and slept tight

(At the gold rush, at the gold rush

at the gold rush, at the gold rush

at the, at the, at the)



[Intro: (distressed Latino woman)]


The dog saw 'im...they tear...they...looked liked they try to tear him off.

I said "Oh my God! They want to eat my husband

[Verse 1:]


I was sittin at the pound about to eat dinner

Had a hard day at the studio, I was gettin thinner

My nigga Sparky-O was playin basketball

and my niggas in the backyard, y'all about to squab my Doggz

Dirty ???? gets CREAM, it's a good scheme

But you know it's all a part of the Corleone team

I squabble...Friday cos that's what I do

Dogg Pound for life nigga, uhh thought you knew

but you didn't, you think I'm kiddin nigga, my Doggz scrap

They get down for theirs, bring em right to the back

Hit the gate don't wait and ask the homey Nate

he gotta pit named Tiny mobbin behind him

Now they've got Michael Corleone

Oh, Kurupt he got Lonely the psycho assassin

He likes to smash on, uhh

and ain't no need to reach for heat cos you can't get your blast on

Doggz we keep em, busters we sweep em

and when it's time all my Doggz'll bite your momma

We leave you niggas on stuck in paws

And I'ma dedicate this one to my Doggz

Remember that pit, the one I had named Petey

Uhh, she got killed so I didn't need him

Uhh, it's like that, what about Sweetie?

He got killed too (damn) so I didn't need him

It's a cold thang but it's a cold game

but when you wit a Corleone name it's a cold thang

Cold name, cold game ya got ta get down

cos if you don't then you can't represent the Pound

Now it's like a sport

and if I get caught I'm right back in court

So I gots ta keep it on the DL and don't yeezell

but you know I gots tha pitbulls for seezell

So if you want one, get one, holla at'cha boy quick

cos I'ma be on the lookout for the sell-to-dem pigs

Ask my little homey Technique

I 'came Scarface, Corleone killers, baby boy OG

The homey Tray Deee I give him rock seat

but the rest of the pits they rollin wit me

We're layin low in the cut, holstered up in Chino

Scrappy-Du and the crew called the Gambinos

Ma bark and she'll spark up some shit real quick

Just last week y'know what? She bit the shit out of me

???? bitch is a trick, I had to get cold feet

to get the bitch up off me

and I can't tame her and I can't blame her

That's why I had to name her the top Dogg gamer

Man, it's a shame-uh nigga got love for y'all

but I got more love for my motherfuckin Doggz

It's just....

[Hook:]


Me & my Doggz (sick em), me & my Doggz (sick em)

(Beware, beware) Me & my Doggz

[Verse 2:]


Now when it comes to my Doggz they stay fly like geese

but as for me I'm Snoop Dogg I'm soopafly like Priest

I unleash my Doggz then I tilt my brim

I'm bout to trip off Locko cos he go taken my swim

I think cos my CREAMy low, get back to the pound

He gon' be itchin like hell to put the bite on the clown

and when you look with the frown he gon' get like 1-2

and ain't a damn thang that your ass can do

I think it's cos he lost his big homey Don Killer see

who ran the whole yard and gangbanged OP

and leave your ass red and yeah half-head

He's a damn fool, he'll jack you for pants leg

Don't beg you're dead, and don't dare show fear

Young gangsta fucked wit Scrappy and Red tore off his head

and all the kid do was cry like a bitch

His life was a pit and mine's in the shit

[Hook:]


(Beware, beware)

(Sick em) It's just me & my Doggz

I keep my heat in my seat, my killers in my backyard

Just in case you niggas wanna fuck and try to act hard

[Outro: (reporter speaking over hook)]


....deadly serious in East Los Angeles and South Central where people

encounter stray dogs on a daily basis and often bare the scars to prove it)



[Soopafly]

I had this bitch locked on to me like she was way too clever

Man, Soopafly never ever ever

Fell for the do no and you know I'm

Too swift on my toes and the gifts of hoez

It's too much for me to be givin' to you

Uh, all I'm givin' is some dick in you

Now Sh????, I told the bitch to blaze the weed

Now she blazed it but that ain't all she blew

Hey, I got knocked off on the bar

And my room got knocked off in the car

Gave it to me until I reached my peak

Baby flip talkin' bout lovin' me in the week

I said that's too damn quick, and too damn fast

You've been givin' up too much damn cock and givin up too much ass

Nah nah nah you ain't gettin' me like that

Soopafly ain't even called the bitch back

Ever since she tripped, I went on one

Stepped in the club, Caught me a homerun

Baby was bad and all, she said gimme a call

I wanted to break that bitch like a law

Picked her up at the bus stop, she was soft and smooth

Talkin' bout what could pop out and hit the roof

Then she said somethin bout the cost

Man, that same bus stop is where 

I dropped that bitch back the fuck off

You can't ride my bird

So I kicked that bitch to the curb

You best to believe

You ain't got no trick up your sleeve that can get with me


You thought you had my grip

But Soopafly never ever slips

You thought you had my cash

Till I turned around and whupped yo' ass

....like a pimp and that's for real

[Snoop Dogg]

I came through in a zoot suit, pin stripe lookin' too cute

Tryin' to get my shoot on, so I'm a scoot on

Over to the next bitch, say her name is Texas

She fly but she wasn't the sexiest

She had a hoe with her named Bama, short for Alabama

A big bad mama-jamma, now look here

I like big bitches cause they large

And big bitches always take charge

Wanna grab a skinny nigga like Snoop Dogg

Cause you like it tall, go and work it baby doll

Now a great big girl got a hell of a grip to grab a hold of

Got alot of cash for a little love

All they wanna do is take you down to the mall

Floss a little dick and get a t-shirt that say miss Snoop Dogg

I don't see a god damn thang

That's stoppin you from buying me that god damn ring

It'd look nice on my finger, I'm a buy you a zinger

Cause you make me feel like a real hip-hop singer

Your homegirl, bring her cause I've been dying to meet her

You know I won't cheat her, don't mistreat her

She only get the dick, I'll never ever eat her

But I'll drop her ass cause you know I don't need her...

It was fun while it lasted

You know what they say, big things come in small packages, baby


You thought you had my grip

But Snoop Dogg never ever slips

You thought you had my cash

Until I turned around and whupped your ass

....trick beyotch beyotch

[Too $hort]

I said beyyyotch, what are you smokin

A big fat dick comin' from east Oakland

There must be some kind of misunderstanding

Hit the parking lot, bitch I be standing by the Benz

You think a nigga rich, bitch

Gold diggin' tramps tryin' to get with this dick

For all the wrong reasons

Niggas ain't trippin' during pimp season

But you still jumped your fast ass in anyway

If any other nigga picked you up it'd be payday

I rolled to my house with the bitch

(What'd you do $hort) introduced her mouth to my dick

Glad to meet you, make yourself comfortable

You fuckin' with a dog, bitch you ain't fin' to come up, hoe

So you might as well enjoy the ride

And serve this nigga from the eastside

How much for the game that I'm sellin'

Ain't no tellin' like Jack told Helen

I know sex sells but I'm a tell you though

Couldn't spend on shit that ain't valuable

Fucked all night woke up the next mornin'

Told her I'm a pimp but the bitch kept on

Wantin' me to do somethin' for the time she spent

It's funny, cause now she can't find the rent money


You thought you had my grip

But Too $hort never ever slips

You thought you had my cash

Until I turned around and whupped your ass

....trick beyotch beyotch


...I got family members, homeboys...

Muthafuckaz I look out way before you.




Can you feel it, nothing can save ya

For this is the season of catching the vapors

Since I got time, what I'm gonna do

Tell ya how it's spreading throughout my crew

What you want on Nate Dogg

Who sings on my records, 'Never Leave Me Alone'

'Ain't No Fun', now check it

Back in the days before Nate Dogg would get it

He used to try to holler at this girl named Pam

The type of female wit fly Gucci gear

She wore a big turkish wole wit a weave in her hair

When they tried to kick it, she'd always fess

Talkin about baby please she wrought his service stress

Since he wasn't no type of big chronic dealer

The homie Nate Dogg didn't appeal to her

But now he wear boots that match with his suits

And push a Lexus Coupe that's extra cheap

And now she stop flautin and won't it speakin

Be comin round the Pound every single weekend

to get his beeper number she be beggin please

Dyin for the day to eat these


She caught the vapors

She caught the vapors


I got a little cousin that's kinda plain

He bring the heeb wit tha beep for the Dogg Pound gang

A mellow type of fellow best laid back

But back in the day he wasn't nuthin like that

I remember when he used to scrap every day

When my auntie would tell him he would never obey

He wore his khakis hangin down wit his starks untied

And a blue and grey cap that said the Eastside

Around my neighborhood tha people treated him bad

Said Daz was the worst thing his mom ever had

They said he grow up to be nuttin but a gangsta

Or be there in jail or some other shaker

But now he's grown up to be a surprise

D-A-Z got a hit record slangin world wide

Now the same people that didn't like him as a child

Bought the Dogg Food, Doggfather, and Doggystyle


They caught the vapors

They caught the vapors


I got another homie from tha L-B-C

Known ta yall as D.J. Warren G

He cut grass trasform wit finesse

......... and all that mess

I remember when we first started to rap

He tried to get this job at Calvin's record shop

He was in it to win it, but the boss front and said

Sorry Warren G but there's no help wanted

Now my homie Warren still tried

On and on and on til the like break of dawn

To work at tha V-I-P would be the link

But they looked right past him so my homie straight dip

Now for the year after Regulate

Warren G is havin papers so my homies write straight

He walked into the same record shop as before

And the boss be like Warren welcome to my store

Offerin him a job but nah he don't want it

Damn it feels good to see people love Warren

Cause I remember when at first they wasn't

Now guess what they call sessy bussin


the vapors

They caught vapors

I got to talk bout me now


Last subject of tha story is about Snoop Dogg

I had to work for mine to show I was a true hog

When I was a teenager I tried to be down

And since they wasn't tryin to hear me I made the Dogg Pound

I saw a crew on 2-1 street

and said, 'Can I be down champ?' They said

no, and treated me like a wet food stamp

after gettin rejected, I ain't runnin upset

I said, 'What's a Dogg do to?'  Rhymes at rates

When I used to go to parties, they make me wait

What I have to get on the mic to set M-C straight

I ain't never love no hoe since I'm listenin to my music

They acted like I wanted to keep hangin with the juzi

But now things switched from West to East

Short Dogg do ya remember me from 21st street G?

'We used to see Daz, back in the day'

It happens all the time, so brother don't be amazed


You caught the vapors

You caught the vapors

You got the papers



[Intro/Chorus: Charlie Wilson, Nate Dogg]


She was just a groupie (She just a groupie)

She was just a groupie

She was just a groupie (All she wanted was Snoopy)

She was just a groupie (Just a groupie)

She was just a groupie

She was just a groupie (All she wanted just was Snoopy)

She was just a groupie (Yeah just a groupie)

She was just a groupie

[Verse 1: Tha Dogg Pound (Dat Nigga Daz, Kurupt)]


Beeyatch! (Beeyatch!)

I come thru with the humps, I thump tha shit out'cha block

I'm on alert for the cops, be on alert for the cop

Spot us some hos, tooted my horn at the bitch

??? ever skaty, my team ya's the shit

Fifteen's humpin, dropped the top, she moaned

countin my dough, purchased a 50 of some bomb indo floss

In South Central I'm on my way to the East Side

We high, blazin like crazy, we don't know why

feelin good as fuck on a hot ass day

and it's a pujam right around the way

Niggas got hos but ladies in the world

they wanna play wit their minds like little girls

I twirled my fingers in the air

rubbed my fingers thru my hair

Red bones to black bones

dark bows to red bows

Skinny girls come a dime-a-dozen

but I play hos like plenty-leany cos I get greedy

It's all about game cos when the game

is hard to maintain for so long, man

From Long Beach, California, from Tulsa, Oklahoma

Tonight *?warnin the award is?* from Mississippi, I know ya

hold the key to unlock the door

From long clothes she rolls with gold thangs we ridin for sure

So tell me how much money can one playa make? (make)

and how much o' ya ass can one nigga break?

You're just a gigolo (you know)

To the heart you're just gigolo (you know)


I was off in Vallejo

pullin hos like Idaho potatoes

What am I to do when life as a G

bein from where I be, DPG

It's manifico

ran into this pretty ass skirt, Mexican-Puerto Rico

mixed with a sprinkle of black

So I'ma approach her like dat

and let her know where I ride and reside at

My zone the place that I call home

is the Wall from Philadelphia, the room

Picture me ay

entrepenuer with my nigga D-A

Rockin tours and we still young boys

They got bitches, they got some bomb ass niggas

She used ta put em on his bomb ass dick

She always talked some bomb ass shit

She used to blow some bomb ass dick

[Chorus]

[Bridge: Nate Dogg]


That's right

Someone's at my door, baby who could it be?

Someone wants to score and get laid by the D-O-double G

Hey girl, what's your name? Ya wanna go a couple rounds with me

I told her Nate Dogg is just the same but she kept screamin out Snoopy

[Verse 2: Warren G, Snoop Dogg]


What's up baby, my name is Warren

I'm down with the Pound

cos I get around

So let me scoop you, swoop you and take you

Gimme a chance and I'ma break you

down to the very last compound

with my homies from Tha Dogg Pound


Now you know and I know

Rule number one, you can't trust no ho

Now you can get caught up in the mix real fast

The ho gon' slip away and get away with all your cash

You got to stay upon your toes when it come to hos

I bust a brand new ho in every video

That's on the Pound and the Row when the wind blow

I pass a ho to my kinfolk

and then smoke

She say she was no groupie, coochie lookin juicy

She say she never ate a dick before but she gon' do me

Right before she do me, I blaze up a lupi

then turn on some Snoopy and, uhh, heat up jacuzzi

and later on I might just turn on a movie

so you can regroupie and redo me just for Snoopy

[Chorus to fade]

[Outro: Warren G]


There's roaches and shit in this motherfucker in here

I forgot about this




All I wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all...
[repeat]


It's structures to this game, it's instinct mixed with knowledge

I'm a player in the game and I know not from college

Eyes open, focus, scopin out the scene

Watch the gangsta haters close cos they worse than dope fiends

I hope things get better for you

cos I'ma make things get better for me

and keep the Doggystyle hottest thing out the LB

The L-L-G wit DPG by the sea

We ride at high tide, the East is my side

I'ma tell you 'long as my voice is recordable

That plan you got ain't gonna work you better audible

Oh yes I'm fresh and like spy from existence

Wit persistence I perceive

to supply you wit what you need, no room for greed

Better go around and when it come to you

don't bite off more than you can chew

Respect the game and the game will respect you back

Game is life, life is struggle

without the coastal juggle

So if you drop I test that, fragile as a crsytal

(Will you get mad and go pull out your pistol?)

or will you be a man and pick up all the pieces

and put it back together and remain tougher than leather

As for me I'm tryin to keep it real Dogg

All I wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all

[Chorus:]


Just keep it real Dogg

All I wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all
[repeat x2]


Teatlet?, hold em, shake em, roll

Fly G boys and all you hoodrat girls

Pound puts it down all around the world

But let's pick up the litter, LB young nigga

I need solar on my Dogg nall, I bark when it get dark

Bitches in heat we tear the beat up, what?

On the microphone I bury the bone

Always, strays try to follow me home

Uhh, to get the pooper scooper, why? They droppin doo-doo

I'm steppin on shit, lift up the bottom of my shoe

See I'm smashin full-breaded wit no leash

When I mob, make marks across the street

See I'm vicious like hell, got em waggin they tail

for the bow-wow LBC style

Hit you like the Dogg bopper fever, I fetch paper

On the receiver, go get it like a retriever

I want em close enough so I can lock on em

wit the mizzic, see I let the Doggz loose on em

Check this out here man, I lick em, sick em

Man's bestfriend, I hit you for ten, uhh

Fleas can't seize my pack, what what's my name?

Major trick we're hittin licks like a doberman gang

Y'done trip and try to fuck me up ever since a young puppy

Run a cat up a tree, nigga it's DPG

[Chorus:]


All I wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all

Just keep it real Dogg
[repeat x2]


They say once upon a time in the land of the loccs

where it's all about dope and pistol smoke

I packs me a heavy calibre .38 revolver

We'd out, Dp'd out, GC'd out

Oh, did you not know

Snoop wit the .44 knockin at'cha door

We the passion for smashin and mashin the masses

Knockin niggas llike cash is, Dogg Pound Gangsta assassin

It's like in a action

cos for the cash in my own zone we known for blastin

Bustin, no need for discussion

We don't discuss, we stay close as 10 inches then bust

close enough to touch then rush

Clean and radical and get clutch

The Dogg is the Don like killer Corleone

for the D-O-double G (with the solid gold rhyme)

[Chorus:]


Just keep it real Dogg

All I wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all
[repeat x3]



[Intro:]


Yeah yeah yeah, make some motherfuckin noise

Yo Doggy Dogg you're on, live on stage

Performin tonight, excuse me Doggy Dogg you're on

YOU KNOW! The one and only

Don Corleone, the big homey y'know me


Well if it's on I guess it's bout time

Let me slide into this OG rhyme

I do mine the way I do mine

and I takes my time when I'm droppin my lines

I look around, I spot MC's (and they)

all in the place (and they) all wannabe's

Tryin ta make their paper, tryin to do their thang

but to me they all tryin to say the same thang

How could you rap over *?be said what?*

You ain't reachin the crowd, you ain't makin your fact

You ain't droppin lines that hit the top

You can't make the party go hip-hop

abd you can't do your thing without usin mine

We get and steal, I see you're on the grind

but I'ma take my time to get my point across

and if you get caught up in the rap shit then got lost

and if you get tossed it's on your own, it's your own fault

See I gots ta get mine, I don't try no song

I just move on, groove on, try to prove on

then I do mines to do mines and I'ma keep on, keep on, keep on

to get'cha you in a...smooth type of atmosphere

Sit back and pay attention yeah

You ain't never heard it like that

Uhh, is that right? That's right black

but uhh,

[Hook:]


Sixx minutes (sixx minutes), sixx minutes (sixx minutes)

Sixx minutes Doggy Dogg you're on

Uh uh on, uh uh on

Excuse me Doggy Dogg you're on
[repeat]


I gets my hair whipped on Friday, my day, why they

even trippin on me? Yeah the big homey

Gamey Gamey says "Snoop Corleone

listen to me man, stay away from them phoneys

It's niggas like that that get you caught up quick

You gots ta stay focussed Dogg, keep your eye on your grip

cos if you slip they gon' get'cha and they gon' get'cha fast

These niggas out for your money man, they tryin to get your cash"

I don't give a damn, you gots ta match

You can be from the East Coast and get love cos I ain't trippin on your ass

I don't smash on niggas who are smaller than me

I smash on niggas who big like the DPGC

Ooohwee, I get'cha crazy

You gots ta have a stomach for this shit, ba-by

And if ya don't you won't, you fake the funk

See Snoop is the G in the G-Funk

Now don't do nothin that you can't get out of me

Uh uh, you know I got big love for the real G's

We make mo' G's, I gots ta have it

[Hook]

[Interlude:]


I got the, I got the, I got the paper

I keep ya, I keep ya, I keep ya cryin

I thought ya, I thought ya knew my nigga

Ya better, ya better ask somebody (Better ask somebody)


Uh, it don't quit

Now let me take my time and just get into the shit

I'm just driftin, so swift and smooth

How many niggas make the whole party move like I do?

I can't name nobody

so sit back relax and let the Dogg rock the party

Ain't no party like a DP party

cos everybody in the DP party's naughty

They acts a fool, old school, new school

Everything is everything, everybody playin cool

Ain't no set trippin, everybody just dippin

Bitches gettin with niggas and niggas gettin bitches

It's all superb, word to my momma

Ain't no drama, no need for that

You can put your gat back in your pocket

unlock it cos Snoop Dogg is on the mic, I plan to rock it

Don't stop, (excuse me Doggy Dogg you're on)

[Hook]



[Intro:]

[Snoop] 

Yeah man, this shit here gonna be bigger than the O.J. case
[Tray Deee] 

What?
[Snoop] 

His dick
[laughter]
[Tray Deee] 

Another blast from the Long Beach section

Break gangsta shit (Wake up)

I thought these fools knew

[Verse 1: Tray Deee]


Out on the scout I'm about my papers

cos ain't nobody doin Deee no favors

I'm tryin ta get major with minor risk

Maximisin the minimum of time is spent

on the heist, nice and easy believe me

I take mine and make mine extra cheesy

Keepin niggas in a headlock

Undress em, press em down in a full nelson

I hit jacks off six packs of the crooked one

They slip and I'm bookin em

Fuck fingerprints, gimme from their fingertips

Chips to the neckline cos I got a Tek9

Check mine like a pimp-main ho

So hope you only see me when my grip ain't low

I go up in ya like a skeleton

So S-N-double O-Please let em know the crew I'm bailin with

[Chorus: Snoop Doggy Dogg]


East-side LBC

is what I claim but my game is DPG

And every hustler in my clique got to get his grip

and in my world a girl is considered a biiiiiitch

Is money all that makes you move?

You ain't doin what'cha s'posed to so you gots ta prove

somethin to the ones you love but you needs ta know

If you ain't doin it for yourself it don't matter d'ooooh!

It was a wake up, wake up, wake up.....

Just to wake up, wake up, wake up.......

Wake up, wake up wake up.......

Get up, get up, get up......

[Verse 2: Tray Deee]


I break fools off like lepresy

If they dare, you stare when they next to me

I'ma threat to whoever sweat my style

Hard gangsta aim to represent til death

Reality, you battle me you be in the dirt quick

I'm clever with whatever type of weapon I work with

The bare hand man sleeper

I even banked up and shank motherfuckers in the penta?

I sanked a gang of tough fools in my time

so try me you're liable to lose on my line

The 44'll be what cracks ya head

cos that's exactly what I'm bout ta cap you with

I figured niggas gettin soft like jellatine

So Doggy Dogg tell em all who we're sailin wit

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]


East-side LBC

is what I claim but my game is DPG

And every hustler in my clique got to get his grip

and in my world a girl is considered a biiiiiitch

Is money all that makes you move?

You ain't doin what'cha s'posed to so you gots ta prove

somethin to the ones you love but you needs ta know

If you ain't doin it for yourself it don't matter d'ooooh!

It was a wake up, wake up, wake up.....

Just to wake up, wake up, wake up.......

I had to wake up, wake up wake up.......

Get up, get up, get up......

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]


Uh, gonna work that motherfucker and do the percolatin

cos Snoop Dogg came back with the head raider

Al Davis's? Nah nigga Tracy Davis

The Eastside Long Beach greatest

Criminal with style and boy you love that

Sit back relax and let me drop another rap

but this one's for the sisters and not the hoes

The ones who be groovin it on the step shows

Let a nigga in, I ain't diss ya friend

and like The Staples I make sure we do it again

But don't blow a nigga up or show a nigga up

and don't think a nigga sprung cos you know a nigga fuck

Love is a house and you got the key

so give it to a nigga like a D-O-double G

I'm from the...

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]


East-side LBC

is what I claim but my game is DPG

And every hustler in my clique got to get his grip

and in my world a girl is considered a biiiiiitch

Is money all that makes you move?

You ain't doin what'cha s'posed to so you gots ta prove

somethin to the ones you love but you needs ta know

If you ain't doin it for yourself it don't matter d'ooooh!

It was a wake up, wake up, wake up.....

Just to wake up, wake up, wake up.......

I had to get up, get up, get up......

It was a wake up, wake up, wake up....



[Intro:]

I think it's bout' time that we hit these n***as upside

the head with some of that west coast

gangsta' sh.........  Ooh.....Wee!!!!!!!!!!

[1st Verse:]

It's a whole 'nother day

I'm back up in ya'

Snoop D-O-Double G

I representa'

Been away for a while but you all know

I'm still doggystylin' on Death Row

Got shit locked down

Sewed up

So If you plan on comin' out nigga hold up.

This a stick up

dick up

They got yo' shit on the shelf, oh mine is too

and guess who they gon' pick up?

Some niggas think they know they shit

But they don't

Some M-A's escape 

Some won't

Bumpin' heads with niggas

Where you from?

East Side Long Beach, nigga, 2-1

The homie just got paroled

And he got more stories than the highway patrol

Tellin' me about the money Suge Knight stole

But I'll make that shit late

Cause nigga I get swole

Niggas tryin' to get in, to get out.

Put me up on game tellin' me who gon' jack me

But ever since 

I was a puppy

till I was paroled

I never had no other dog pullin' on my chrome.

[Chorus:]

Say Snoop's upside yo' head, 

say Snoop's upside yo' head. [4x]

[2nd Verse:]

Niggas in the game be doin' way too much

Akin' tough with this east-west coast stuff.

See Me

I'm all about my money mane

I stay fly and dry

I don't get caught up in the rain

Cuz game recognize game

No matter where you from

We all can get dumb, insane and

turn the party out

without a doubt

Unless 

you them niggas who ain't got no clout

LBC and B what?

Uh, my crew

Cuz uh, we out there smokin' on the krazy glue

Upside yo' head like oops

Snoop's  

The shit, that you hear them bumpin' in the hoops.

Can't afford it

homeboy

This is finished

I represented

From V-A to Venice

So when it's timid

And cold outside

Rely on the Doggy Dogg

To put the heat in yo' life

[Chorus]

[3rd Verse:]

It takes a whole lot

to be number one

I can't walk down the street

without my gun

I can't trust these niggas fool

It ain't no fun

I'm sittin' up in court

Cuz somebody got dumped

What really counts is how the crowd bounce

Go home and say

Snoop rocked the parte`

Nobody got kilt

It's what got annouced

I guess they got a chance to see Dr. Bombay

But I keep my heat in case niggas get cold

Warm you up with the sheet

Zip you up and roll

Now Doggystyle records is now official

Gettin' money at the Pliz-ate with my initials

Shippin' weapons overseas

I'm makin' G's

What who you make call enemies

But I

See nothing funny about

makin' money

Cuz uh

We all know it don't grow on trees

So I

Gotta' get what I gotta' get when I can

Up homie in the mo'ning wit' the gat van

Burning rubber down to get a new car

So don't get jealous when you see me in the

double R.

[Chorus (3x)]



[INTRO:(PRINCE ITIAL)]

Watch it!Watch it!

Daz is coming and there'll be no more waiting

Watch it!Watch it!

Kurupt is coming and there'll be no more waiting

Watch it!Watch it!

Doggystyle is coming and there'll be no more waiting

You might be shooting up close with the Itial ever lose respectin

[VERSE 1:(KURUPT)]

Now follow me deep in the depths of my mind

Thinkin many plots blossoms how amny times?

I'm sedated my (?conscriptiated?) from beginning 

Broke in the bombest weed smoke that will make a nigga choke

To my loccs way down in the Valley deep

To my homies in the Pound from L-ong Beach

To my bulls out in Philly coz all they smoke is phillies

Wit' these silly ass bitches out for a niggas riches

Now really really ever slip or trip

A big shout out to my niggas in ??

I spits the vocabulary to sinks MCs like ships

With my nocturnal rhymes and editorial clips

I gotta click that'll hit you like a thousand volts

The homies catchin cases,robberies and assaults

It ain't my fault that my shit might hit like that

Listen in,get elevated off the verbal contact

[BRIGDE:(DAT NIGGA DAZ)]

When a nigga gotta strive for his he can't stop

Gotta get somewhere

When a nigga gotta mash for his he can't stop

Gotta get somewhere

[VERSE 2:(DAZ,BAD AZZ,unknown)]

My mind-state these days make the average nigga afraid

Hurt em in the worst way,put it down for myself

Put em to rest,confess nevertheless

Snatch em a cap and destroy em at my best

For the simple fact that with contact we the block entourage

We drop bombs and we known to calm down the savage beast

And the rest of the jungle,while mistreat

Any MC tryin to fuck with D-A-Z

I represent it to the fullest,it could be a verbal massacre

In '96,with a diff'rent approach I'm shit

I got the flavour and I'm major,bust the ass

Niggas can't stop us and can't fade us

Shady ass niggas can't stand next to ya

When the Tek connects to ya,swift as a cheetah when I'm catchin ya

I bet'cha I won't let ya escape

Face-to-real on point-to-train-to kill beyond the violated area

When the smoke clears the area,rather we toast

So at home I blaze the zag or the bone

Once again another zone is gone

MCs try to step they get lit and blown


At the end the lights go out so before they do

I'm a L-B-C on through,stayin true

Demanding my respect,respect is what I've given

So respect is what I expect,the money got me driven

To the point of no return so the streets I roam

Don't catch chrome to the dome of this flack black

.45 calibre Glock,gat,gun or pistol

Whistle and watch all my homeboys come run

Or hear the click,damn that shit that you get hit with

When we bust I let loose,this is pre-meditated dick-up

To all the busters that jealous and hate it but can't fade it

With the every attempt they fail,oh well

Consequences get suffered,I put pressure on sucker motherfuckers

The bill is crisp,(the deal is )the deal is this-

I gotta plot em on a mash for my chips

Get in my way and get stepped on

I'm stompin,steppin with my projectile weapon


Wuz up (?Jex?)so's eject the hum

When I swarm through,who knew about the real deal I conceal?

But still can you feel the topic of the whole situation is trust

No ho is a must!If I bust

My brain constructs to form knowledge to the max

Defeatin and deletin elevation set backs

We wax tracks and smack up MCs who compose the violence

Bringin drama with no parental guidance

Eyes went deceived,somethin up my sleeve to intrigue

And these MCs will be Gs also D-P-Gs and L-B-Cs 

When we do the do to you so go call your crew

And who wants to compete with technique

Conflict will be verbal so watch how you speak

And what you say when I display

Sleepless acts as (?bombin ya?),suffer from insomnia

And I'm a gonna be comin for you

So please be on the lookout for the Doggystyle Crew

(Watch out nigga!)

[OUTRO:(SNOOP DOGG)]

It's the sucker MC barbecue cookout!Cookout!

Watch out now!

Ha-ha yeah wit'cha bad self.Watch out!



[Chorus:]

Come and go with me to Doggylaaaaaaaaaaaaand!!

(Here ye, Here ye, Come one come all)

To a place that be, call it LBC

(I'm ridin' wit'cha baby)

Come and go with me to Doggylaaaaaaaaaaaaand!!

To a place that be, call it LBC

[1st Verse:]

Now if you tired of the hard work

tears and sweat

and you breakin' your neck

and you still up in debt.

Walkin' round town all strapped in,

niggas be havin' more bad times than Captain Rat did.

Two strikes none left, out of breath

Livin' in the city it's a jungle yo.

All this deception on top of stress,

you havin' more problems than a algebra test.

You can't seem to come up, wit yo' money for rent,

and now yo' baby momma trippin' she want fifty percent.

It's a thin line, between yours and mine

the difference is you gotta scratch to a get nickel and dime.

Now I know a place where

Ya' might wanna be and I can take you there 

Pop goes the nine, We'll go right behind

You can slide off your shoes sit back and recline.

[Chorus]

[2nd Verse:]

Oh your homies think you're funny?

Doin' stick ups for moneys 

Just to impress the honeys (This is for the honeys)

Got yo' rocks, so you keep'em in the sack,

you got two strikes, but you right back up to bat.

You all about yo' money and got something to sell

but if you bail for a robber you'll be back in the jail cell.

You chillin' wit yo' feet up

Someone hated but baby without the homies and

that's when you got beat up.

Because you can't be out there doin' low

and then right gather up yo' crew and roll.

Ain't no rules when you out there doin' dirt,

somebody's always layin' in the cut to get ya' hurt.

But see, I know a place where

you might wanna be 

and I can take you there

Pop goes the nine, We'll go right behind

You can slide off your shoes sit back and recline.

[Chorus]

[Bridge One:]

Here ye, Here ye, come one, come all.

To a place that be, call it LBC. 

(I'm ridin' wit' ya' baby)

Lemme holla to a little home boy real quick,

know what I'm sayin'?

Cuz he travelin' in the fast lane.


Stop the life it seem that we are on,

Time to slow your roll,

Let Doggyland be your new home,

Stop the life it seem that we are on,

time to slow your roll,

Let Doggyland be your new home.

[Verse three:]

Doggyland is the town where it's goin' diz-owne

(It's goin' down)

Everything is free,

and ain't no HIV. (What?)

And niggas don't kill one another 

(Oh really why is that?)

Because a brother is a brother.

(And what about the mothers?)

They queens,

righteous, 

man,

heaven must be like this,

green aroma like the grass in the summertime.

Ain't no peneteneries and ain't nobody doin' time.

And oh yeah, I'm the big O-K'er,

I'm smarter than the senator,

Bigger than the mayor.

Heaven on Earth 

it's like a prayer.

And you can't get in without yo' gold card you got

to be a player.

Now you know a place where

You gots to be and I took you there,

Pop goes the nine, we'll go right behind

You can slide off your shoes sit back and recline.

[Chorus]



[INTRO:(mobster Corleone talking)]

[VERSE ONE:(DAT NIGGA DAZ)]

Yeah

Vision 88 kilos of cocaine smack-dead in your face

The street value of that is what you dream to make

Run an illegal business,racketeerin

Smugglin,doin things from handin a gun,is what they fearin

Bodyguards and hitmen like some Al Capone shit

Heavy artillery got the cops on my dick

Different locations,spots where it takes place

If you show them my money,your ass is gettin f-laid

There's four major games that run the city of G's

The violators,the Gambinos and the Corleones and me

The violators and Gambinos they run uptown

Me and my cousin Corleone we run downtown

Murder's an everyday thang in the city

Where you gotta plot chips,jag robberies and do in its

Tanadian Nay,the charge of the weapons

Hit from verandahs and do a thing unexpected

So we plan a plot with an Uzi and 10 shot

Buck em till they all drop,circle round the block

Let em have it as soon as they come out

Unload on their ass,commence to takin them out!

[INTERLUDE:(DAZ talking)]

Throughout the streets of Long Beach

The streets was infected with drugs,dope pealers and addicts

Gangs have taken over 75% of our town as the young

youth behaviour is outrageous with crime

They feel no remorse whatsoever, as the law enforcements

have tried to stop the trafficking of drugs

from coming into our country, but they can't

The murders have increased more than 95% and the drug amount

of which they make is more than 700 million dollars

Now wanted by the IRS and we will convict them of tax evasion

[VERSE TWO:(TRAY DEE)]

I had no choice or remorse for time for puttin it down

Niggas know the scoop is stupid if they come from my town

I been around since the Jumpstreet makin it pop

Young crook keepin hook,nigga,shakin the spot

Had to be a standout not to get ran out

Look for help,you help yourself cos there's no handout

Since the city Long Beach is only G's and hos

You hold on ya heat but them fiendish foes

Trust,bust,be aware and I ain't ya curse

Cos the niggas that I dared to (?agank?) the first

Think I might be deceased 'fore I reach my calling

As long as I'm haulin my heat I'm stallin

I bring it to ya hard from the streets of life

Where niggas get rewarded to grief for strikes

Don't speak on the creep,mo' fools is listenin

And war story glory ain't worth the riskin

Real niggas still get a mob like respect

If you represent ya set,till ya bite the deck

Who I be?I'm the Dee,nigga check the file

Under G you will see not to sweat my style

I'm takin em out!

[INTERLUDE:(Corleone talking some more)]

[VERSE THREE:(SNOOP DOGG)]

I come through blastin,me as a Downtown Assassin

Mashin,may they rest in peace in they caskets

Shoot em down in front of Hassans

Should've known from the gate,who's the baddest?

In my zone,Don Corleone wanted

For the murder of forty men

Ordered to hit and watch him kill again and again

From the U-S-C,I shift ki's,a 120 plane rides

Multiplied by G's,87.3 million in a matter o'months

Big business and big dollars is all that I want

I blaze up to celebrate,new empire to make

Toast till we all die,till we burst and break

From knives to guns,from the rich to the slums   

We ran outta dope,I don't think so son

While I be gunned by a mark from the enemy park

From daylight to reach dark and all the clucks a'spark

From when I pick em off like darts

Stab em in they hearts

Make an example,what I said,ya end up dead

Spayed the wall with graffiti like hogs for all my lost Doggs

Never reach until I see the blue sky till I die

All I ever want is to be left alone

Me myself,me my dope,me and my chrome

Got paid by cops and judges,I budge when I buzz

I got the City of Long Beach goin crazy for drugs

[OUTRO:(Corleone capping it off)]




Slow down cause I can't take the heat, slow down

(Slow down baby, slow down baby)

It's wicked in these streets

Slow down, cause I can't take the heat, slow down

(Ohhhhhhhhh, slow down)

It's wicked in these streets

[Snoop:]

Life ain't nothing but a big old twist

A lot of times when I'm smoking 

I'm doing that just to reminisce

It's funny, on how shit be

A lot of money, make y'all wanna come get me

But look here, I work hard for all the things I got

And to hang with a nigga's just an intricate plot

You smoke my weed, you try to bang my hoes

And talk bad about a nigga, behind closed doors

But look here dog, a hoe once told me loc

Bite the hand that feeds you, and you'll wind up broke

Bitch niggas don't deserve to kick it with rich niggas

Nigga we seven figure niggas

And we bigger than the biggest hip hop niggas in rap

And when we get to spittin' make sure y'all step back

You with that? Cause if you ain't clown,

We from the D-O double G, we groupie true, and slow down


Slow down (slow down now) cause I can't take the heat, slow down

(I can't take the heat, I can't take the heat)

It's wicked in these streets

Slow down, cause I can't take the heat, slow down

(Ohhhhhhhhhh, slow down)

It's wicked in these streets

[Mia X:]

Ayyo Snoop (I used to)

I used to cook up dope, ride with niggas

Know about the hits, hang with killas

Take the broads down for the jailhouse visits

Keep my bed warm with a cutthroat nigga

Have the card parties where the stakes was high

Go shopping hit the club and then ???

Never had a day without no drama

Half the OG's age, but they call me Mama

Had the ganja overstuffed in the hefty bag

Orange peels to kill the smell slanging with my dad

I never thought about my life I swear y'all, for real

Until my best friend Jill got killed and then I

Dropped to my knees and called to the Lord

Please change my ways cause I'm living too hard

And too foul, how I'm gon' raise a child

When I'm out here buck wild, damn, I had to slow down


Slow down (slow down), cause I can't take the heat, slow down

(Slow down baby)

It's wicked in these streets (Slow down baby)

Slow down, cause I can't take the heat, slow down

(Slow down, slow down)

It's wicked in these streets

[Mia X:]

Yeah, I slow my roll down to a pimp strut

And started putting all this game on records for my come up

From sun up to sun down, I'm trying to get my money

Hata's ain't gon' stop me cause hatas can't run me

It's funny when a bitch was livin' foul

Every body seemed glad, but now they ?????

Cause I'm flossing, boss ballin' guilt free

And Feds can't take shit from me, so slow down

Snoop:

I got niggas shot niggas drop niggas for fun

I ????? from these shoulders, I don't need no gun

But it's the nineties, and niggas don't bump by the end of the round

The clown bound to dump, young chump

You don't wanna get caught up in my mix

Cause I'm a soldier, blasting at the rollers, bitch

We don't neva eva, talk no shit

Unless we mack that shit up, nigga you get lit


Slow your roll tuck your heat and watch the hatas

Slow down (slow down), cause I can't take the heat, slow down

(I can't take the heat)

It's wicked in these streets (It's wicked in the street)

Slow down, (I can't take the heat no more) cause I can't take the heat

Slow down (I can't take it) it's wicked in these streets

Slow down (slow down) cause I can't take the heat

(Slow down) Slow down

Slow your roll tuck your heat and watch the hatas

Slow down slow down

Slow your roll tuck your heat and watch the hatas



[Snoop Talking]

Hell yeah

That was a mothafuckin' trip

The way y'all niggaz had the whole world sayin' UH!!!, na, na, na, na

This here the Doggfather, rappin' on this shit here

Check this out

[Chorus:]

Let me here ya say

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (come on, everybody say)

Everybody, let me hear ya say

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay

[Fiend]

I run with convicted felons

Scream, yellin'

Bitch I'ma soldier!

Stick in my chrome reciever, and I fins to get it on

Influenced by the dolja

Blastin' at the rollers

Callin' couple of soldiers

Fuckin' up with this song bitch

Your mom shoulda told ya

I ain't nothin' nice

Snoop brought the boss

I got the spark, lets go on a body high

Put it on my life, and my favorite weed pipe

Soldiers greed, with ice

Watch me budda up in the night

Carefull to forever, the one that ?? shot him

Bringin' the drama like a punk, but your fucking somebody

Whut Lodi Dodi, send a duce up in dey coupe

But after a hard eight

Snoop and his soldiers gonna make ya say

[Chorus:]

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (Jeah, nigga, I can make ya say)

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (yeah, tank doggs, let me hear ya say)

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (all my real rap niggaz say)

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (yeah, Mystikal, where you at?)

[Mystikal]

Nigga, all I really wanna do is

Get down, on the get down!

That mothafucker better sit down

We up in this bitch now

Got the take to make the hap

We gon' make our money right

Tired of livin' the stress life

Pressure, fuck price

Yikes!

Know what I like

Keep it hype!

Betcha I right

Put pounds of ice on ya, like white on rice

Vise grips on mics

Turnin' to fights

Burnin' up the limelight

Fire!

And you ain't gotta strain your eyes to find us

Throwin' bad days behind us

Ahh damn up in the headlights

Bout to let it shine

Find your ass in there tip-toeing

Your ass is mine

We got you waitin' for us on the radio

So our albums can drop

Snoop, Fiend, me, Beats By The Pound, you know that's gon' pop

Jump in the game in the walkway

With enough money to fuck with

Till ya hear that last fuckin' woof

We ain't done yet

[Chorus]

Let me here ya say

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (yeah, uh-huh, all my niggaz say)

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (na, na, na, na, na, na)

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof!

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (na, na, na, na, na, na)

Let me hear ya say

Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof!

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay

[Snoop]

I come faster than a speedin' bullet

Or I can take my time and move it slow

Wake up outta my seat and hit this mic and blow like some indo

You can call me what you want

Just don't call me no punk

My name is Snoop D-O-double-G

And I'm the godfather of G-Funk

I'll put this shit down, like clown, Dogg Pound is my set

Nigga set outta line, I shoot them in they mothafuckin' spine

And break they necks (nigga, nigga)

As I go down, you gon' realize that

See when you run up in my face you able to get smacked, jacked, just

like that

I'ma fool, break the rules, damn, way too cool

They call me Snoop D-O-double-G (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na)


Cause I'ma fuckin' fool, I can get silly

But I'd rather sit back, relax, new jacks, get smacked, cause I'm tryin'

to

blaze up a sack (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na)

To my nigga Mystikal, Fiend, and my big homie Master P

Cause thats just the way this shit gon' be

Baby, N-O-L-I-M-I-T (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na)

We gon' make y'all say Woof

Until you mothafuckers demand

That nigga named Snoop

[Chorus]

I can make 'em say

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (laughing)

I can make 'em say

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay

Let me here ya say

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay

Let me hear ya say

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (everybody in the house)

Say

Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na)

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (up top, come on)

Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na,

na,

na)

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (down low)

Yeah, yeah, and who side (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na)

Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay *repeated till end*

And not only that

And not only that

This No Limit baby

Ya heard me?

Yeah

And not only that

Shit get crazy in this mothafcuker

Ya heard me?

Uh!




Ahh-haaa

Get your motherfuckin' glass, cus it's a blast from the past

You didn't think would touch it two times nigga

Gin and Juice up in this bitch, yahhh

Some of that Beats By the Pound flavor, you feel me (you heard me)

Get your ice, get your cups, Cus we about to get fucked up in here

Yah (yah), Straight up, Uhmm (uhmm), Yah (yah)


I'm still smokin', driftin', swifta than a mothafucka

Twisted off a cup of that 'ole ignat juice

Heated in the seat cup fulla drank

Beatin' up the block in the dark blue tank

Bullet proof vest on my chest for the cause

Diggin' in my draws for dem muthafuckin' laws

Harrassin' a nigga, blastin' a nigga

I ain't seen shit, so why you askin' nigga

To fucked up off that G-I and juice,

C-I get loose, nigga what chall wanna do

I got a crew, but I choose to roll solo

Especially on Sundays dippin' in my low-low

Convertable top, spot for the glock, I ain't fuckin' with the hen dogg

So toss out the soda pop.

Put my shit on three wheels for thrills

I hit a corner and make sure my drink don't spill, that's real

[Chorus]

Rollin down the street, with heat

Drankin', ???, Sittin' on D's

Top rolled back so I can feel the breeze

Never slippin', I keep my eyes on my enemies [2X]


Now trip dis', I'm on Interstate 10 fuckin' with this Creole

She said she knows NINO, now stop me loc

Cup of that Gin and Juice, I blank a bitch out

Then turn the bitch out, look here

There ain't no need for you to be wastin' my time

See I picked you up, now I'm gunna stick you up, And dick you up!

Give you what you need, then bring you back down to reality

With that California weed, she seemed trouble at first

And then it got worse, cus now I got my hand up and down her mini-skirt

Twerkin' that shit while riddin' up the highway

Doin' it my way, hella highway, the fly way

Swervin' in another lane, tryin' to maintain

And baby girl steady takin' dick to the brain

Now it ain't no thing, cus she swallowed it up

Then she wanted to take a puff, I said "Look here bitch you've had

enough"

[Chorus x2]


Somebody say, I wanna get fucked up

(Say What, Say What)

Come on, Now

Everybody say, I wanna get fucked up

(What Chew Say, What Chew Say) YAH


I'm hopped by the ice cream shop, The cops saw me, stopped me, heard me

Were's Serv-D, well serve me, since you got that big bad ass dangle

Nigga you know I'm know for havin' that big ass bank

Tryin' to find all your dope, cus your a smoker

I'll find that indo weed even when I'm on the East Coast

Cus times gettin' hard on the boulevard, but I refuse to loose ?!?!?!

Lil' Jimmy's sent me something, I need to cop something

Got Some (Got Some), I know you got some

Nigga stop frontin', get at your boy

Hook it up like Master P (Ughh)

Would it be a tragedy to fill me the best weed

[Chorus x2]



[Snoop Talking]

Yo whats up P

Yeah man these niggas think that I done fell off man

Think my shit done got weak I guess

Shit nigga I been hustlin' grindin' like a motherfucka

I aint went nowhere knowwhatImean?

Shit guess I got to let these niggas know who I am

What I stand for and what I'm about huh

You feel me check this out BITCH!!

[Chorus]

whats my motherfucking name

Snoop Dogg

What I like to do

you like to hustle and ball
[x4]

[Snoop]

I get up early in the mourning and begin my mission

Brush my teeth then I creeps to the kitchen

Cook some bacon and eggs and put some braids in my head

Stash this pound, put the shit down then I head

To the spot thats hot, fuck a fed

I gotta clock this knot ya heard what I said

Im taking penitentiary  chances, dancin with the devil

Im in it to win it for No Limit nigga next level

A whole lot of y'all niggas out there walk around dead here take this 

shovel 

Dig your own grave, your pushin on them pebbles

Stand out there on that corner long enough and watch what happen

Quit yappin about what you aint got and get crackin now thats what 

happenin

Aint no body give me shit I took it

Nigga stright now but I started off croocked

Now look at all the shit I been through and I'm 'fen to

Get what I gotta get cause I'm just stright down for this shit

Now

[Chorus x4]


They say money is the key to end all your woes

Thats probably why I love it and cant stand them hoes

I chop trees with G's and take trips over seas

And pack a nine all the time and thats for all my enimies

What y'all thought, I cant get cought

It aint my mothfucking fault they call mister seasonig salt

I'm bringing Gangsta shit to this No Limit click

I'm way down south in a house and I'm bangin this shit

I got gold around my neck that will never ever fade

Rolex watch on my wrist nigga getting paid

Thats all I live fo , you dig it

Game is to be sold not to be told thats what my nigga P said can you 

feel it

What y'all niggas knockin me fo and watching me fo

While your bitch jocking me and clocking this doe

Boy that sound like the old Snoop Dogg, shit I'm trying to get paid

Papered up and trying to ball y'all feel me

Avoiding the snitches and the and the bitches too

And the fake ass snake ass niggas which is you nigga fuck you

I buck you you I stick you I stuck you

I love making that music that y'all niggas say y'all drugs to

[Chorus]

[Snoop Talking]

Bow-wow

Game reconize game

Now you know how a gangsta gangsta

You how a hustler hustle

And you know how a baller balls

Thats what you get when you fucking with Snoop Dogg

Stright up '98 No Limit records

You feel me thats real ha ha yeah

Hustle & Ball Thats all we do

All the real hustlers out there gone and give it up

Yeah get your money money get your money

Keep your heat get your money money




Uh.

Yea.

(Don't Let Go)

Life, life

(Don't Let Go)


I'm the coldest of the coldest, the dopest of the dopest

The smoothest of the smoothest and locest of the locest

The whole world on point for this new joint that I just put together

So kindly, and you can find on the coast with the most lambs

High post, plain coast with a bunch thug niggas, drug dealers

Project fools, C-Murder past dem tools

Shit I'm bout to make these motherfuckers get up

I draw the line between yours and mine

And make sure you dont get lit up

Hit ha on the motha fickin set when dip

Dogg pound mutha Fuckin gangsta crew

Split wigs for a livin everydays thanksgiving

Mutha fuck yall rides, we slides we dippin

Nigga the tanks, driven by the colonel Mr. Master P

Lil Silkky, Mystikal, C and me and Fiend

Nigga dont be trippin, you got my lil homie in the cut

That Soulja Slim nigga , he known for dippin


Wassup 

(Don't let go)

If you love ta bang bang

And the rap game is just like the dope game

The minute you forget it, forget it you finished

Them niggas know when you aint with it

Thats when they get ignent 


(Don't let go)

Like a twista, like a twista, get twisted with this

It seems its on, but its off, I keep missin this shit

I'm high but I try to stay focused wide eye

Lookin dead at the chips, I blink, they dip

(Don't let go)

Like a twista like a twista get twisted with this

It seems its on but its off I keep missing this shit

I'm high but I try to stay focused wide eye

Lookin dead at the chips, I blink, they dip

(Don't Let Go)

It's worth to hang on for life

for life (Don't let go) 

Its worth the hang on (Don't Let Go)

Yea

What

What

(Life life) 


Check this out

I'm the hardest of the hardest

The realest of the realest

But see I dont fuck nothin but G's ballers and killers

So pardon my expression G

If yo bitch is seen wit one of my niggas in the clik

You best believe she done ate a gangsta dick

And you cant fault my niggas for dat

We just a bunch of thug niggas, ex drug dealers 

The kind of gangsta ass niggas that your bitch love niggas

Don't so that to urself cuz I'm a tell you right now they plug niggas

They slug niggas

Now if yo bitch way out of line

Because when I steppin to Doggy Dogg you better take your time

Cause out on a limb fuckin with Slim

And you dont even know that cuz aint nobody told you that

We need you to show em dat (Don't let go)

Cuz I'm a pistol strappin car jackin hoe slappin MC

I dont know why all yall bitches is fuckin with me

Fuck all my enemies, and chasin cheese with cheese

Circuit tapes with cd's by the 3's in keys

Biggie was too large and Tupac was too real

Niggas had homies with heat on the street and he got killed

How the fuck did that happen I thought yall niggas was rappin

Shit but in this real world shit, murder thnags keep crackin

Besides drive bys and kiddnapping

Shit when u head up out the door foget the four four

Never leave home with out it

Now why dog, niggas everywhere gettin rowdy and bout it

And don't doubt it, real violence aside and dont forget it

Its like I said When you ain't with it niggas get ignent


(Don't let go)

Like a twista, like a twista, get twisted with dis

It seems its on but its off I keep missing this shit

I'm high but I try to stay focused wide eye

Lookin dead at the chips, I blink, they dip

(Don't let go)


Its hard to hang on

I try I try

Life life

(Don't Let Go) 

Yea

(Don't Let Go)



[Mystikal talking]
We been holding back to motherfukin long
Nigga fuck the dumb shit
It's time to represent nigga
It's time to represent nigga
It's time to let you niggas know man

[Mystikal]
I'm the conscious in the toolbox that's coming for the carpenter
I'm the mirror and the comb clipping the scissors that come from the 
barber they think i'm the godfather
I'm one of the brand new number 2 pencils out the pencil sharpener
I'm the scarlet water out the delta faucet
I'm the rhyming I'm the artist
I'm vomit in the toilet
I'm the comet when it charges
I'm the drama in New Orleans
I'm the vegetables that grow in the garden
All the weeds, dope,coke and alcohol at the parties
I'm the M.I.C.H.A.E.L Tyler
I'm the loud blackka, blackka, wakka, wakka coming from behind yah
I'm the stitches of the shirt that make the polo man trill inside the 
Timberland
I'm the bells on trigger man
Who? me that's who
I'm the voice in the microphone coming from the booth
I'm the ground when you think
I'm the file on the shank
I'm the pile in the bank
I'm the round off the tank

[Chorus Mystikal and Snoop]
I'm that nigga Mystikal
And I'm the Dogg
That's that nigga
I like to hustle and ball
We them niggas
Yeah tru tank dogs
They them niggas
You don't want to fuck wit at all   [repeat 1X]
Knuckle up nigga, knuckle up nigga
If you sleeping I'm sneaking buckle up nigga
Knuckle up nigga, knuckle up nigga
If you sleeping I'm trippin buckle up nigga

[Snoop Dogg]
I'm in a club in New Orleans
Just got finished eating a batch of chicken wings with some collard 
greens
I'm down south in the house straight turning it out
Got bitches in my face and I can slap they mouth
With  all the shit that they be tweaking
Nigga be speaking
Game leaking, but I'm streaking
Snoop Dogg ain't leaking
My game tough and tight
See ain't nothing like
This G-shit nigga
LBC shit nigga
I'm feeling I'ma fall of in this club tonight
Where my old lady at, I'm trying to find a fight
In this motherfucker mad drunk, stupid and shit
Ready to take off on this moteherfuckin' trick ass bitch
Old pussy ass nigga looking at me strange
like he don't know what gang i claim
I'ma doggpound gangsta till i fall off the planet
God damnit, don't take it for granted biatch

[Chorus repeat 2X]

Biatch get your ming right mind right, get your mind right repeat [4X]
Boot up, or shut up
Pussy ass nigga
Put your set up,or shut up
bitch ass nigga  repeat [3X]
Where they at ho repeat [6X]



[Master P]

Yo Snoop nigga.
[Snoop Dogg]

What's happenin?
[Master P]

I think I just seen the dog catcher around.
[Snoop Dogg]

Nigga what?
[Master P]

It go a little somethin like this here.
[Snoop Dogg]

Like this, woof woof.
[Master P]

Like this here, ya heard me?


Chorus
[Master P]

Watcha goin do when we come for you
[Master P/Snoop Dogg]

If you a dog you better not run  (Uhhhhh!)  [x2]

[Snoop Dogg]

See I'm tired of being broke, I like to smoke

I love the west coast but I need a vacation bro

I took me a ride down south

I see the dog into bigger and better thing yall know what I'm talkin bout

The game is to be sold, not to be told

I'm a No Limit soldier and I'm off parole

Nigga, let's put the pieces to the puzzle

Now, every nigga that you hate would hate your cousin or your brother

Nigga, let's keep it real

Keep your eyes on your enemies cause some niggas kill

And the bitches, they'll break ya

Keep your dick in your pants nigga, cause they'll play ya

Keep your dogs in the house

Trill niggas from the street (woof woof) know what I'm talkin bout

Never bite the hand that feeds you

Cause you never know when your dog might need you

[Chorus x4]

[Snoop Dogg]

Went from halves to wholes, from wood to marble floors

Fuckin with hoodrats to top notch hoes

In my Rolls with the sunroof top

I told you hoes that Snoop Dogg won't stop

Tick tock, we got shit locked (say what)

Goddamn it feel good to be sittin on top

So let's toast to the gin and juice and champaigne

Welcome to my world and Snoop is the name

Nigga, and pass me the green sticky

We only fuckin with the real nigga, you aint gotta lie to kick it

Cause we aint picky if you lick it

Or stick it, girl is you down with this quicky

I gotta show to do in Europe and one in Japan

So when you see me on stage Snoop Dogg is the name

Nigga, yeah, that's real, huh

Whatch yall gonna do when we come for you

[Chorus x4]
Let the suicide doors up
I threw suicides on the tour bus
I threw suicides on the private jet
You know what that mean, I'm fly to death
I step in Def Jam buildin' like I'm the shit
Tell 'em give me fifty million or I'ma quit
Most rappers' taste level ain't at my waist level
Turn up the bass 'til it's up-in-yo-face level
Don't do no press but I get the most press kit
Plus, yo, my bitch make your bitch look like Precious
Somethin' 'bout Mary, she gone off that molly
Now the whole party is melted like Dalí
Now everybody is movin' they body
Don't sell me apartment, I'll move in the lobby
Niggas is loiterin' just to feel important
You gon' see lawyers and niggas in Jordans

She said, "'Ye, can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all."
(Ball so hard) That shit cray, ain't it Jay?
What she order, fish filet?
"Your whip so cold" – this old thing?
Act like you'll ever be around mothafuckas like this again
Bougie girl, grab my hand
Fuck that bitch; she don't wanna dance
Excuse my French, but I'm in France, I'm just sayin'
Prince Williams ain't do it right if you ask me
'Cause I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley
What's Gucci, my nigga? What's Louis, my killa?
What's drugs, my dealer? What's that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I'm the illest
'Cause I'm suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh

Break records at Louis, ate breakfast at Gucci
My girl a superstar all from a home movie
Bow on our arrival - the un-American idols
What niggas did in Paris, got 'em hanging off the Eiffel
Yeah I'm talking business, we talking CIA
I'm talking George Tenet, I seen him the other day
He asked me about my Maybach, think he had the same
Except mine tinted and his might have been rented
You know white people get money, don't spend it
Or maybe they get money, buy a business
I rather buy 80 gold chains and go ign'ant
I know Spike Lee gon' kill me, but let me finish
Blame it on the pigment, we living no limits
Them gold Master P ceilings was just a figment
Of our imagination, MTV cribs
Now I'm looking at a crib right next to where TC lives
That's Tom Cruise, whatever she accuse
He wasn't really drunk he just had a frew brews
Pass the refreshments, a cool, cool beverage
Everything I do need a news crew's presence
Speedboat swerve, homie watch out for the waves
I'm way too black to burn from sun rays
So I just meditate at the home in Pompeii
About how I could build a new Rome in one day
Everytime I'm in Vegas they screaming like he's Elvis
But I just wanna design hotels and nail it
Shit is real, got me feeling Israelian
Like Bar Refaeli, or Gisele - no, that's Brazilian
Went through, deep depression when my momma passed
Suicide, what kinda talk is that?
But I been talking to God for so long
That if you look at my life I guess he's talking back
Fucking with my clique

What you doin' in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for her girl birthday
They ordered champagne but still look thirsty
Rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty
I know I got a bad reputation
Walking-round-always-mad reputation
Leave-a-pretty-girl-sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
I turnt the nightclub out of the basement
I'll turn the plane 'round, your ass keep complainin'
How you gon' be mad on vacation?
Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans
Uh, this that prom shit
This that what-we-do-don't-tell-your-mom shit
This that red-cup-all-on-the-lawn shit
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch

I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
After that, give you somethin' to drink
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met?
Okay, I don't remember where we first met
But hey, admittin' is the first step
And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
And hey, ayo, we made it: Thanksgivin'
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
She asked me what I wished for on my wishlist
Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
But first, you gon' remember how to forget
After all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept

Coke on her black skin made it stripe like a zebra
I call that jungle fever
You will not control the threesome
Just roll the weed up until I get me some
We formed a new religion
No sins as long as there's permission
And deception is the only felony
So never fuck nobody without telling me
Sunglasses and Advil
Last night was mad real
Sun coming up, 5 a.m
I wonder if they got cabs still
Thinking 'bout the girl in all leopard
Who was rubbing the wood like Kiki Shepard
Two tattoos: one read "No Apologies"
The other said "Love is Cursed by Monogamy"
It's something that the pastor don't preach
It's something that a teacher can't teach
When we die, the money we can't keep
But we probably spend it all cause the pain ain't cheap
Preach

Now if I fuck this model
And she just bleached her asshole
And I get bleach on my T-shirt
I'mma feel like an asshole
I was high when I met her
We was down in Tribeca
She get under your skin if you let her
She get under your skin if you-uh
I don't even want to talk about it
I don't even want to talk about it
I don't even want to say nothing
Everybody gon' say something
I'd be worried if they said nothing
Remind me where I know you from?
She looking like she owe you some
You know just what we want
I want to wake up with you in my beautiful morning

My momma was raised in the era when
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doin' clothes you would have thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself
You see it's broke nigga racism
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"
And it's rich nigga racism
That's that "Come in, please buy more"
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?
All you blacks want all the same things"
Used to only be niggas, now everybody playin'
Spendin' everything on Alexander Wang
New Slaves

I throw these Maybach keys
I wear my heart on the sleeve
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
They throwin' hate at me
Want me to stay at ease
Fuck you and your corporation
Y'all niggas can't control me
I know that we the new slaves
I know that we the new slaves
I'm 'bout to wild the fuck out
I'm goin' Bobby Boucher
I know that pussy ain't free
You niggas pussy, ain't me
Y'all throwin' contracts at me
You know that niggas can't read
Throw 'em some Maybach keys
Fuck it, c'est la vie
I know that we the new slaves
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
Y'all niggas can't fuck with 'Ye
Y'all niggas can't fuck with 'Ye
I'll move my family out the country
So you can't see where I stay
So go and grab the reporters
So I can smash their recorders
See they'll confuse us with some bullshit
Like the New World Order
Meanwhile the DEA
Teamed up with the CCA
They tryna lock niggas up
They tryna make new slaves
See that's that privately owned prison
Get your piece today
They prolly all in the Hamptons
Braggin' 'bout what they made
Fuck you and your Hampton house
I'll fuck your Hampton spouse
Came on her Hampton blouse
And in her Hampton mouth
Y'all 'bout to turn shit up
I'm 'bout to tear shit down
I'm 'bout to air shit out
Now what the fuck they gon' say now?

I just need to clear my mind now
It's been racin' since the summertime
Now I'm holdin' down the summer now
And all I want is what I can't buy now
Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I told you to wait
Yeah I told you to wait
So I'mma need a little more time now
Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I thought you could wait
Yeah, I thought you could wait
These bitches surroundin' me
All want something out me
Then they talk about me
Would be lost without me
We could've been somebody
Thought you'd be different 'bout it
Now I know you not it
So let's get on with it

We could've been somebody
'stead you had to tell somebody
Let's take it back to the first party
When you tried your first molly
And came out of your body
And came out of your body
Running naked down the lobby
And you was screamin' that you love me
Before the limelight tore ya
Before the limelight stole ya
Remember we were so young
When I would hold you
Before the blood on the leaves
I know there ain't wrong with me
Something strange is happenin'

You could've been somebody
We could've ugh, we could've been somebody
Or was it on the first party
When we tried our first molly
And came out of our body
And came out of our body
Before they call lawyers
Before you tried to destroy us
How you gon' lie to the lawyer?
It's like I don't even know ya
I gotta bring it back to the 'nolia

To all my second string bitches, try and get a baby
Trying to get a baby, now you talkin' crazy
I don't give a damn if you used to talk to Jay Z
He ain't with you, he with Beyoncé, you need to stop actin' lazy
She Instagram herself like #BadBitchAlert
He Instagram his watch like #MadRichAlert
He only wanna see that ass in reverse
Two-thousand-dollar bag with no cash in your purse
Now you sittin' courtside, wifey on the other side
Gotta keep 'em separated, I call that apartheid
Then she said she impregnated, that's the night your heart died
Then you gotta go and tell your girl and report that
Main reason cause your pastor said you can't abort that
Now your driver say that new Benz you can't afford that
All that cocaine on the table you can't snort that
That goin' to that owin' money that the court got
All in on that alimony, uh, yeah-yeah, she got you homie, yeah
'til death but do your part, unholy matrimony

For my theme song (black)
My leather black jeans on (black)
My by-any-means on
Pardon, I'm getting my scream on
Enter the kingdom (black)
But watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman
At the top floor they gone come to kill King Kong
Middle America packed in (black)
Came to see me in my black skin (black)
Number one question they're askin'
Fuck every question you askin' (black)
If I don't get ran out by Catholics (black)
Here come some conservative Baptists
Claiming I'm overreactin'
Like them black kids in Chiraq bitch

Stop all that coon shit (black)
Early morning cartoon shit (black)
This is that goon shit
Fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf
Soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king
Back out the tomb bitch (black)
Black out the room, bitch (black)
Stop all that coon shit (black)
These niggas ain't doin' shit (black)
Them niggas ain't doin' shit
Come on homie what happened
You niggas ain't breathin', you gaspin'
These niggas ain't ready for action
Ready-ready for action

They smile in my face is what I don't like
They steal your whole sound, that's a soundbite
The media crucify me like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathing like they found Mike
A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite
But I never hit a woman never in my life
I was in too deep like Mekhi Phife'
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice
Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice
Eating good, vegetarian with the brown rice
Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot, right?
But unless they use a strap-on then they not dykes
They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life
We hanging out that window it's about to be a Suge night
Free Bump J, real nigga for life
Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man that nigga nice
Shout out to L-E-P, Jay Boogie right?
Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? Right?!

The best living or dead hands down, huh
Less talk, more head right now, huh
And my eyes more red than the devil is
And I'm about to take it to another level, bitch
No matter who you go and get
Ain't nobody cold as this
Do the rap and the track, triple double no assists
And my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
Arguing with my older bitch, acting like I owe her shit
I heard that people sing raps to give the track pain
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
Fucking up my money so yeah I had to act sane
Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent
Chick came up to me and said
"This the number to dial
If you wanna make your #1 your #2 now"
Mix that Goose and Malibu I call it "Malibooyah"
Goddamn, Yeezy, how he hit them with a new style?
Know that motherfucker well: "What you gonna do now?
Whatever I want to do. Gosh! It's cool now"
Know I'm gonna do, ah, it's the new now
Think you motherfuckers really really need to cool out
Cause you'll never get on top of this
So mommy, best advice is just to get on top of this
Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh?
Put the pussy in a sarcophagus
Now she claiming that I bruised her esophagus
Head of the class and she just won a swallowship
I'm living in the future so the present is my past
My presence is a present, kiss my ass

This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it's just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Told him I've been on ten since the 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day
Yeah, I still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with yah
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah, the dropout at it as always nigga, as always
All day, nigga

I could do this all day, boy, I'm finna turn this bitch out
They need that Ye in the streets, boy, there's been a mothafuckin' drought
Don't really matter what I make, boy, you know I still go wild
Like a light skinned slave, boy, we in the mothafuckin' house!
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Stupid niggas gettin' money, Forrest Gump right now
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now
They've been lookin' at the Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
Like, huh, that's us right now
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
Niggas lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
People saying, "Ye, Ye, take it easy"
20 Gs for the Yeezys off of eBay
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch

I told, I told, ay ay, I told you
Up in the morning, miss you bad
Sorry I ain't called you back
Same problem my father had
All his time, all he had, all he had
In what he dreamed
All his cash, market crashed
Hurt him bad, people get divorced for that
Drops some stacks pops is good
Momma pass in Hollywood
If you ask, lost my soul
Driving fast, lost control
Off the road, jaw was broke
'Member we all was broke
'Member I'm coming back
I'll be taking all the stacks

Soon as they like you make 'em unlike you
Cause kissin' people ass is so unlike you
The only rapper compared to Michael
So here's a few hatin'-ass niggas to fight you
And here's a few snake-ass niggas to bite you
And I don't even wanna hear 'bout what niggas might do
Old niggas mentally still in high school
Since the tight jeans they ain't never liked you
Pink-ass polos with a fuckin' backpack
But everybody know you brought real rap back
Nobody had swag, man, we the Rat Pack
Virgil, Pyrex, Don C snapback
Ibn diamond, Chi-town shinin'
Monop' in this bitch again, changed the climate
Hop in this bitch again, same thing I'm in
Until the day I get struck by lightning

I just talked to Jesus
He said, "What up, Yeezus?"
I said, "Shit I'm chillin'
Tryna stack these millions"
I know he the most high
But I am a close high
Mi casa, su casa
That's our cosa nostra
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

For all my Southside niggas that know me best
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
Why? I made that bitch famous (God damn)
I made that bitch famous
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
If you see 'em in the streets give 'em Kanye's best
Why? They mad they ain't famous (God damn)
They mad they're still nameless (Talk that talk, man)
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
But we still hood famous (God damn)
Yeah we still hood famous

I be Puerto Rican day parade floatin'
That Benz Marina Del Rey coastin'
She in school to be a real estate agent
Last month I helped her with the car payment
Young and we alive, whoo!
We never gonna die, whoo!
I just copped a jet to fly over personal debt
Put one up in the sky
The sun is in my eyes, whoo!
Woke up and felt the vibe, whoo!
No matter how hard they try, whoo!
We never gonna die

Hey baby you forgot your Ray Bans
And my sheets still orange from your spray tan
It was more than soft porn for the K-man
She remember my Sprinter, said "I was in the grape van"
Uhm, well cutie, I like your bougie booty
Come Erykah Badu me, well, let's make a movie
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler
I show you the ropes, connect the dots
A country girl that love Hollywood
Mama used to cook red beans and rice
Now it's Denny's, 4 in the morning, spoil your appetite
Liquor pouring and niggas swarming your section with erection
Smoke in every direction, middle finger pedestrians
R&B singers and lesbians, rappers and managers
Music and iPhone cameras
This shit unanimous for you, it's damaging for you, I think
That pussy should only be holding exclusive rights to me, I mean
He flew you in this motherfucker on first class
Even went out his way so you could check in an extra bag
Now you wanna divide the yam like it equate the math?
That shit don't add up, you're making him mad as fuck
She said she came out here to find an A-list rapper
I said baby, spin that round and say the alphabet backwards
You're dealing with malpractice, don't kill a good nigga's confidence
Just cause he a nerd and you don't know what a condom is
The head still good though, the head still good though
Make me say "Nam Myoho Renge Kyo"
Make a nigga say big words and act lyrical
Make me get spiritual
Make me believe in miracles, Buddhist monks and Cap'n Crunch cereal
Lord have mercy, thou will not hurt me
Five buddies all herded up on a Thursday
Bottle service, head service, I came in first place
The opportunity, the proper top of breast and booty cheek
The pop community, I mean these bitches come with union fee
And I want two of these, moving units through consumer streets
Then my shoe released, she was kicking in gratuity
And yeah G, I was all for it
She said K Lamar, you kind of dumb to be a poet
I'mma put you on game for the lames that don't know they're a rookie
Instagram is the best way to promote some pussy

Friday night tryna make it into the city
Breakneck speeds, passenger seat something pretty
Thinking back to how I got here in the first place
Second class bitches wouldn't let me on first base
A backpack nigga with luxury taste buds
And the Louis Vuitton store, got all of my pay stubs
Got pussy from beats I did for niggas more famous
When did I become A list? I wasn't even on a list
Strippers get invited to where they only get hired
When I get on my Steve Jobs, somebody gon' get fired
I was uninspired since Lauryn Hill retired
And 3 Stacks, man, you preach it to the choir
Any rumor you ever heard about me was true and legendary
I done got Lewinsky and paid secretaries
For all my niggas with babies by bitches
That use they kids as meal tickets
Not knowing the disconnect from the father
The next generation will be the real victims
I can't fault 'em really
I remember Amber told my boy no matter what happens she ain't going back to Philly
Back to our regularly scheduled programmin'
Of weak content and slow jammin'
But don't worry, this one's so jammin'
You know it, L.A., it's so jammin'
I be thinkin' every day
Mulholland Drive, need to put up some god damn barricades
I be paranoid every time
The pressure, the problem ain't I be drivin'
The problem is I be textin'
My psychiatrist got kids that I inspired
First song they played for me was 'bout their friend that just died
Textin' and drivin' down Mulholland Drive
That's why I'd rather take the 405
I be worried 'bout my daughter, I be worried 'bout Kim
But Saint is baby 'Ye, I ain't worried 'bout him
I had my life threatened by best friends who had selfish intents
What I'm supposed to do?
Ride around with a bulletproof car and some tints?
Every agent I know, know I hate agents
I'm too black, I'm too vocal, I'm too flagrant
Something smellin' like shit, that's the new fragrance
It's just me, I do it my way, bitch
Some days I'm in my Yeezys, some days I'm in my Vans
If I knew y'all made plans I wouldn't have popped the Xans
I know some fans who thought I wouldn't rap like this again
But the writer's block is over, emcees cancel your plans
A 38-year-old 8-year-old with rich nigga problems
Tell my wife that I hate the Rolls so I don't never drive it
It took 6 months to get the Maybach all matted out
And my assistant crashed it soon as they backed it out
God damn, got a bald fade, I might slam
Pink fur, got Nori dressing like Cam
Thank God for me
Whole family gettin' money, thank God for E!
I love rockin' jewelry, a whole neck full
Bitches say he funny and disrespectful
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my shoes
I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house
Tell 'em party's in here, we don't need to go out
We need the turbo thots, high speed, turbo thots
Drop-dro-dro-dro-drop it like Robocop
She brace herself and hold my stomach, good dick'll do that
She keep pushin' me back, good dick'll do that
She push me back when the dick go too deep
This good dick'll put your ass to sleep
Get money, money, money, money
Big, big money, money, money, money
And as far as real friends, tell all my cousins I love 'em
Even the one that stole the laptop, you dirty motherfucker

Damn your lips very soft
As I turn my Blackberry off
And I turn your bathwater on
And you turn off your iPhone
Careless whispers, eye fuckin', bitin' ass
Neck, ears, hair, legs, eating ass
Your pussy's too good, I need to crash
Your titties, let 'em out, free at last
Thank God almighty, they free at last
We was up at the party but we was leavin' fast
Had to stop at 7-Eleven like I needed gas (Ouh)
I'm lyin', I needed condoms, don't look through the glass
Chasin' love, all the bittersweet hours lost
Eatin' Asian pussy, all I need was sweet and sour sauce
Tell your boss you need an extra hour off
Get you super wet after we turn the shower off

Uh, picked up where we left off
Uh, I need you home when I get off
Uh, you know I need that wet mouth
Uh, I know you need that reptile
Uh, she cut from a different textile
Uh, she love different kinds of sex now
Uh, black girl sippin' white wine
Put my fist in her like a civil rights sign
And grabbed it with a slight grind
And held it 'til the right time
Then she came like AAAAAHHH!

Bitch I'm back out my coma
Wakin' up on your sofa
When I park my Range Rover
Slightly scratch your Corolla
Okay, I smashed your Corolla
I'm hangin' on a hangover
Five years we been over
Ask me why I came over
One more hit and I can own ya
One more fuck and I can own ya
One cold night in October
Pussy had me floatin'
Feel like Deepak Chopra
Pussy had me dead
Might call 2Pac over
Yeezy's all on your sofa
These the Red Octobers
Still ain't learn me no manners
You love me when I ain't sober
You love me when I'm hungover
Even when I blow doja
Then her auntie came over
Skinny bitch with no shoulders
Tellin' you that I'm bogus
Bitch you don't even know us
"Baby girl, he's a loner
Baby girl, he's a loner
Late-night organ donor
After that, he disown ya
After that he's just hopeless
Soul mates become soulless
When it's over it's over"
And bitch, I'm back out my coma

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
I done talked a lot of shit but I just did the numbers
Herzog and Adidas, man you know they love it
If Nike ain't have Drizzy, man they wouldn't have nothin', woo!
If Nike ain't have Don C, man they wouldn't have nothin', ooh!
But I'm all for the family, tell 'em, "Get your money"
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, they line up for days
Nike out here bad, they can't give shit away
I stuck to my roots, I'm like Jimmy Fallon
I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum (Woo!)
Every time I talk they say I'm too aggressive
I was out here spazzin', all y'all get the message?
On the field I'm over-reckless, on my Odell Beckham
2020, I'ma run the whole election, yah!
I've been trending years, y'all a couple days
Yeezy in the house and we just got appraised
Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves
Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away (Yo!)
10 thousand dollar fur for Nori, I just copped it (Yo!)
Your baby daddy won't even take your daughter shoppin' (Yo!)
I done wore designers I won't wear again
Make 'em niggas famous, they get arrogant

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, this is pure luxury
I give 'em Grey Poupon on a DJ Mustard, ah!
If you ain't poppin' shit then why you rap for? Haaan?
Plus Kimoji just shut down the app store, ah!
And we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute
Yeah, we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute, ah!
Do anybody feel bad for Bill Cosby?
Did he forget the names just like Steve Harvey? (Yo!)
Tell Adidas that we need a million in production (Yo!)
I done told y'all, all I needed was the infrastructure (Boom!)
Now we hottest in the streets, it ain't no discussion
James Harden, Swaggy P runnin' up the budget (Yoga flame!)
Keep the work at my baby mama's mama's house
I'm a jerk, you need to work, you need to call my spouse
Yeezy, Yeezy, take a picture with me on Rodeo
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I might do my own hotel
Couches, couches, couches, couches, which one should I pick?
I need extra deep, I like my bitches extra thick (sonic boom!)
Every time I see the news, man it bring me home
Call up DJ Mano, shout out Twilite Tone
We just blessed to be alive, yeah ain't that the truth?
So let's celebrate the life of Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2

I'm living in that 21st Century, doing something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music
No one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power
(21st-Century schizoid man)
The system broken, the school is closed, the prison's open
We ain't got nothing to lose, motherfucker we rolling
Huh? Motherfucker we rolling
With some light-skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands
In this white man world, we the ones chosen
So goodnight, cruel world, I'll see you in the morning
Huh? I'll see you in the morning
This is way too much, I need a moment

Fuck SNL and the whole cast
Tell them Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
More specifically they can kiss my asshole
I'm an asshole? You niggas got jokes
You short-minded niggas thoughts is Napoleon
My furs is Mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in
And I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
He knows, he's so fucking gifted
I just needed time alone with my own thoughts
Got treasures in my mind but couldn't open up my own vault
My childlike creativity, purity and honesty
Is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
Reality is catching up with me
Taking my inner child, I'm fighting for custody
With these responsibilities that they entrusted me
As I look down at my diamond encrusted piece
Thinking

Colin Powells, Austin Powers
Lost in translation with a whole fucking nation
They say I was the abomination of Obama's nation
Well that's a pretty bad way to start the conversation
At the end of the day, god damn it I'm killing this shit
I know damn well y'all feeling this shit
I don't need your pussy, bitch, I'm on my own dick
I ain't gotta power trip, who you going home with?
How Ye doing? I'm surviving
I was drinking earlier, now I'm driving
Where the bad bitches, huh? Where you hiding?
I got the power to make your life so exciting

Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik
I told you motherfuckers it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we're used to it
I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it!
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news!
Don't talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you

And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I'll admit, I had fell in love with Kim
Around the same time she had fell in love with him
Well that's cool, baby girl, do ya thang
Lucky I ain't had Jay drop him from the team
La Familia, Roc Nation
We in the building, we still keep it basement
Flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
GOOD Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, let me ask this question

I believe there's a God above me
I'm just the God of everything else
I put holes in everything else
"New God Flow," fuck everything else
Supreme dope dealer, write it in bold letters
They love a nigga's spirit like Pac at the Coachella
They said Pusha ain't fit with the umbrella
But I was good with the yay as a wholesaler
I think it's good that 'Ye got a blow dealer
A hot temper, matched with a cold killer
I came aboard for more than just to rhyme with him
Think '99, when Puff woulda had Shyne with him, yuugh!
Matchin' Daytonas, rose gold on us
Goin' H·A·M in Ibiza done took a toll on us
But since you overdo it, I'ma pour more
Well if you goin' coupe, I'm goin' four door

Hold up, I ain't trying to stunt, man
But the Yeezys jumped over the Jumpman
Went from most hated to the champion god flow
I guess that's a feeling only me and Lebron know
I'm living three dreams: Biggie Smalls', Dr. King
Rodney King's, uhh, cause
Cause we can't get along - no resolution
'Til we drown all these haters, rest in peace to Whitney Houston
Cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aww man, you sold your soul
Naww man, mad people was frontin'
Aww man, made somethin' from nothin'
Picture workin' so hard, and you can't cut through
That can mess up your whole life, like an uncle that touched you
What has the world come to? I'm from the 312
Where cops don't come through and dreams don't come true
Like there the god go, in his Murcielago
From workin' McDonalds, barely payin' the car note
He even got enough, to get his mama a condo
Then they ran up and shot him, right in front of his mom
40 killings in a weekend, 40 killings in a week
Man, the summer too hot, you can feel it in the street
Welcome to Sunday service, if you hope to someday serve us
We got green in our eyes, just follow my Erick Sermon
Did Moses not part the water with the cane?
Did strippers not make an ark when I made it rain?
Did Yeezy, not get signed by Hov and Dame?
And ran to Jacob and made the new Jesus chains?
In Jesus' name, let the choir say
"I'm on fire, ay," that's what Richard Pryor say
And we'll annihilate, anybody that violate
Ask any dope boy you know, they admire 'Ye

'Ello, 'ello, 'ello, hello white America, assassinate my character
Money matrimony, yeah they tryna break the marriage up
Who gon' act phony, or who gone try to embarrass ya
I'mma need a day off, I think I'll call Ferris up
(Bueller had a Muller but I switched it for a Mille
Cause I'm richer and prior to this shit was moving free base)
Had a conference with the DJs, Puerto Rico three days
(Poli with the PDs now they got our shit on replay)
Sorry I'm in pajamas but I just got off the PJ
And last party we had, they shut down Prive
(Ain't that where the Heat play? Niggas hate ballas these days) Yep!
Ain't that like Lebron James? (Ain't that just like D. Wade? Wait)

On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than be with someone else"
I took a piss and dismiss it like "fuck it"
And I went and found somebody else
Fuck arguing and harvesting the feelings
Yo, I'd rather be by my fucking self
Till about two a.m. and I call back
And I hang up and I start to blame myself
Somebody help...

You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
Been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom
Gripping you up, fucking and choking you
What the hell was I supposed to do?
I know you ain't getting this type of dick from that local dude
And if you are I hope you have a good time
Cause I definitely be having mine
And you ain't finna see a mogul get emotional
Every time I hear bout other niggas is strokin' you
Lying, say I hit you, he sitting there consoling you
Running my name through the mud, who's provoking you?
You should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
Now you noticeable and can't nobody get control of you
1AM and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm calling your brother's phone like what was I supposed to do?
Even though I knew, he never told the truth
He was just gon' say whatever that you told him to
At a certain point I had to stop asking questions
Y'all got dirt on each other like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money
That ain't right girl
You getting blackmailed for that white girl
You always said, "Yeezy, I ain't your right girl"
You'll probably find one of them "I like art"-type girls
All of the lights, she-was-caught-in-the-hype girl
And I was satisfied being in love with the lie
Now who to blame, you to blame, me to blame
For the pain and it poured every time when it rained
Let's play the blame game

"Things used to be, now they not
Anything but us is who we are
Disguising ourselves as secret lovers
We've become public enemies
We walk away like strangers in the street
Gone for eternity
We erased one another
So far from where we came
With so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing?
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
Hatred and attitude tear us entirely" - Chloe Mitchell

And I know that you are somewhere doing your thing
And when the phone called it just ring and ring
You ain't pick up but your phone accidentally called me back
And I heard the whole thing
I heard the whole thing, the whole thing, the whole thing

You gotta let me know if I could be your Joseph
Only tell you real shit, that's the tea, no sip
Don't trip, don't trip, that pussy slippery, no whip
We ain't trippin' on shit, we just sippin' on this
Just forget the whole shit, we could laugh about nothin'
I impregnate your mind, let's have a baby without fuckin', yo
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
You tried to play nice, everybody just took advantage
You left your fridge open, somebody just took a sandwich
I said baby what if you was clubbin'
Thuggin', hustlin' before you met your husband?
Then I said, "What if Mary was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph around hella thugs?
Cover Nori in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"
(What if Mary) "What if Mary
(Was in the club) was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph with no love?
Cover Saint in lambs' wool
(And she was) We surrounded by
(Surrounded by) the fuckin' wolves"​​​

I been waiting for a minute
For my lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
I been living without limits
As far as my business
I'm the only one that's in control
I been feeling all I've given
For my children
I will die for those I love
God, I'm willing
To make this my mission
Give up the women
Before I lose half of what I own
I been thinking
About my vision
Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul
My soul
The layers to my soul
Revealing the layers to my soul

See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Remember that last time in Mexico
Remember that last time, the episode
Asking me why the hell I text in code
Four times just to say don't text me hoe
Told you four times, don't test me hoe
Now we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'mma have the last laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
Yeah, I'mma have to laugh Indian
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
And I...

She find pictures in my e-mail
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good with that shit
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hoodrats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at

Never was much of a romantic
I could never take the intimacy
And I know I did damage
Cause the look in your eyes is killing me
I guess you are at an advantage
Cause you can blame me for everything
And I don't know how I'mma manage
If one day you just up and leave

I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven
When I awoke, I spent that on a necklace
I told God I'd be back in a second
Man it's so hard not to act reckless
To whom much is given, much is tested
Get arrested guess until he get the message
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny
And what I do, act more stupidly
Bought more jewelry, more Louis V
My Momma couldn't get through to me
The drama, people suing me
I'm on TV talking like it's just you and me
I'm just saying how I feel man
I ain't one of the Cosby's, I ain't go to Hillman
I guess the money should've changed him
I guess I should've forgot where I came from

Let up the suicide doors
This is my life homie, you decide yours
I know that Jesus died for us
But I couldn't tell ya who decide wars
So I parallel double parked that motherfucker sideways
Old folks talking bout back in my day
But homie this is my day
Class started 2 hours ago, oh am I late?
No, I already graduated
And you can live through anything if Magic made it
They say I talk with so much emphasis
Ooh they so sensitive
Don't ever fix your lips like collagen
And say something when you gon' end up apologing
Let me know if it's a problem then, aight man, holla then

Let the champagne splash
Let that man get cash
Let that man get past
He don't even stop to get gas
If he can move through the rumors
He can drive off of fumes cause
How he move in a room full of no's?
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
Must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul
So when he buried in a tomb full of gold
Treasure, what's your pleasure?
Life is a, UH, depending how you dress her
So if the devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear nada
I'm in between but way more fresher
With way less effort, cause when you try hard
That's when you die hard
Your homies looking like why God
When they reminisce over you, my God


Step up in this bitch like (turn me up!)
I'm the one your bitch like
Yeah I'm the one your bitch like
And I be talkin' shit like
I ain't scared to lose a fistfight
And she grabbin' on my dick like
She wanna see if it'll fit right
That's just the wave

Sun don't shine in the shade (turn me up!)
Bird can't fly in a cage (turn me up!)
Even when somebody go away (turn me up!)
The feelings don't really go away
That's just the wave (yeah)

I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago
Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago
That's me, the first year that I blow
How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo
Me drown sorrow in that Diablo
Me found bravery in my bravado
DJs need to listen to the models
"You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?"
(You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga?)
Stupid, but what the hell do I know?
I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow
And my chick in that new Phoebe Philo
So much head, I woke up to Sleepy Hollow

Look like a fat booty Celine Dion
Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon-a Lewis
Beyond the truest, hey, teacher, teacher
Tell me how do you respond to students?
And refresh the page and restart the memory?
Respark the soul and rebuild the energy?
We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies
Sorry for the night demons still visit me
The plan was to drink until the pain over
But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Fresh air, rollin' down the window
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
Don't make me pull the toys out, huh
Don't make me pull the toys
And fire up the engines, huh
And then they make noise

Penitentiary chances, the devil dances
And eventually answers to the call of Autumn
All of them fallin' for the love of ballin'
Got caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin
Inter century anthems based off inner city tantrums
Based off the way we was branded
Face it, Jerome get more time than Brandon
And at the airport they check all through my bag
And tell me that it's random
But we stay winning, this week has been a bad massage
I need a happy ending and a new beginning
And a new fitted, and some job opportunities that's lucrative
This the real world, homie, school finished
They done stole your dreams, you dunno who did it
I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS
I won't be satisfied til all my niggas get it, get it?

Is hip hop just a euphemism for a new religion?
The soul music of the slaves that the youth is missing
This is more than just my road to redemption
Malcolm West had the whole nation standing at attention
As long as I'm in Polo smiling, they think they got me
But they would try to crack me if they ever see a black me
I thought I chose a field where they couldn't sack me
If a nigga ain't shootin' a jump shot, running a track meet
But this pimp is, at the top of Mount Olympus
Ready for the World's game, this is my Olympics
We make 'em say ho cause the game is so pimpish
Choke a South Park writer with a fishstick
I insisted to get up offa this dick
And these drugs, niggas can't resist it
Remind me of when they tried to have Ali enlisted
If I ever wasn't the greatest nigga, I must have missed it!

I need more drinks and less lights
And that American Apparel girl in just tights
She told the director she tryna get in a school
He said “take them glasses off and get in the pool”
It's been a while since I watched the tube
Cause like a Crip said, I got way too many blues for any more bad news
I was looking at my resume feeling real fresh today
They rewrite history, I don't believe in yesterday
And what's a black Beatle anyway, a fucking roach?
I guess that's why they got me sitting in fucking coach
My guy said I need a different approach
Cause people is looking at me like I'm sniffing coke
It's not funny anymore, try different jokes
Tell 'em hug and kiss my ass, x and o
And kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I got it
Play strings for the dramatic ending of that wack shit
Act like I ain't had a belt in two classes
I ain't got it I'm coming after whoever who has it
I'm coming after whoever. Who has it?
You blowin' up, that's good, fantastic
That y'all, it's like that y'all
I don't really give a fuck about it at all
Cause the same people that tried to black ball me
Forgot about two things, my black balls

Cutie the bomb, met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton under her underarm
She said: "I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm
Far as girls, you got a flock
I can tell by your charm and your arm."
But I'm looking for the one, have you seen her?
My psychic told me she'll have a ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
And I gotta take all they bad asses to showbiz?
Okay, get your kids, but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in
We all went to din and then I had to pay
If you fucking with this girl, then you better be paid
You know why? It take too much to touch her
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
My best friend say she used to fuck with Usher
I don't care what none of y'all say, I still love her

Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years
I know somebody paying child support for one of his kids
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV any given Sunday
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money
She walking around looking like Michael with your money
Should've got that insured, Geico for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla, "We want prenup! We want prenup!" (Yeah!)
It's something that you need to have
'Cause when she leave your ass, she gon' leave with half
Eighteen years, eighteen years
And on the 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his?!

Now, I ain't saying you a gold digger, you got needs
You don't want a dude to smoke, but he can't buy weed
You go out to eat and he can't pay, y'all can't leave
There's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up your sleeves
But while y'all washin', watch him
He gone make it into a Benz out of that Datsun
He got that ambition baby look in his eyes
This week he mopping floors, next week it's the fries
So stick by his side
I know there's dudes ballin', and yeah, that's nice
And they gonna keep calling and trying, but you stay right, girl
And when you get on, he'll leave your ass for a white girl

May the Lord forgive us, may the gods be with us
In that magic hour I seen good Christians
Make rash decisions, oh she do it
What happened to religion? Oh, she lose it
She putting on her make up, she casually allure
Text message break ups, the casualty of tour
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more?
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it's rubbing off
Hood phenomenon, the LeBron of rhyme
Hard to be humble when you stunting on a jumbotron
I'm looking at her like this what you really wanted, huh?
Why we argue anyway? Oh, I forgot, it's summertime

When the sun go down it's the magic hour
And outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies
You got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?
Don't leave while you're hot that's how Mase screwed up
Throwing shit around, the whole place screwed up
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered the jerk, she said you are what you eat
You see I always loved that sense of humor
But tonight you should have seen how quiet the room was
The Lyor Cohen of Dior Homme
That's "Dior Homme", not "Dior, homie"
The crib Scarface, could it be more Tony?
You love me for me? Could you be more phony?

Damn, Yeezy and Hov, where the hell ya been?
Niggas talking real reckless; stuntmen
I adopted these niggas, Phillip Drummond them
Now I'm about to make them tuck their whole summer in
They say I'm crazy, but I'm about to go dumb again
They ain't seen me cause I pulled up in my other Benz
Last week I was in my other other Benz
Throw your diamonds up cause we in this bitch another 'gain

I made Jesus Walks, I'm never going to hell
Couture level flow is never going on sale
Luxury rap, the Hermes of verses
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive
I get it custom, you a customer
You ain't accustomed to going through customs
You ain't been nowhere, hah?
And all the ladies in the house got them showing off
I'm done I'll hit you up maña...nah!

Can't you see the private jets flying over you?
Maybach bumper sticker reads: "What would Hova do?"
Jay is chillin', Ye is chillin'
What more can I say? We killin' 'em
Hold up before we end this campaign
As you can see we done bodied the damn lames
Lord please let them accept the things they can't change
And pray that all of their pain be champagne

I'm so appalled, Spalding ball
Balding Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all
Baby, you're fired, your girlfriend hired
But if you don't mind, I'ma keep you on call
We above the law, we don't give a fuck about y'all
I got dogs that'll chew a fucking hole through the wall
But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers
And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers
Housekeeping, I mean goddamn
One time let it be a bad bitch sweeping
That know we get O's like Cheerios
That know because they seen us in the videos
That know the day that you play me
Would be the same day MTV play videos
That was a little joke, voila
Praises due to the most high, Allah
Praises due to the most fly, Prada
Baby, I'm magic, tada
Address me as your highness, high as United
30,000 feet up and you are not invited
Niggas be writing bullshit like they gotta work
Niggas is going through real shit, man, they out of work
That's why another goddamn dance track gotta hurt
That's why I'd rather spit something that got a purp'

Man I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she's doing in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so secure
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, fuck it, I'll just stay down here and do hair
Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new Airs
Cause her baby-daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well

Man I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollies and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, nigga you ain't up on this
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seems we living the American dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us
We trying to buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we a stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe

I say fuck the police, that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes when we don't really need em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
Cause they make us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin' "where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordans, crackhead buy crack
And a white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gonna act holier than thou
Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
Cause I want to be on 106 & Park pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it

I say fuck the police, that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes when we don't really need em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
Cause they make us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin' "where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordans, crackhead buy crack
And a white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gonna act holier than thou
Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
Cause I want to be on 106 & Park pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it

I bet me and Ray J would be friends
If we ain't love the same bitch
Yeah, he might have hit it first
Only problem is I'm rich
Uh
21 Grammys, superstar family
We the new Jacksons, I'm all about that action
I'm about that Farrakhan
Life is a marathon
I'ma shift the paradigm
I'ma turn up every time
I'ma bust a coach's head open on some Diddy shit
If he ever talk to my son like an idiot
One time for a nigga really gettin' it
Two times cause we got the whole city lit
Advice to all my niggas, impregnate Bridget
So when she have a baby she gon' make another nigga
Got the Fruit of Islam in the trenches hah?
Even though they know Yeezus is a Christian hah?
She spent her whole check on some Christians
And that girl ain't even religious
Walkin', livin', breathin' god, you know my past well
Hard to believe in God, your nigga got killed
Blac Chyna fuckin' Rob, help him with the weight
I wish my trainer would, tell me what I overate
So when I'm on vacay, I need to kick back
What you want?
You want a boss or an R&B nigga with a six pack?
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not

Something wrong, I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
I'm on my way, heading up the stairs
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
I had to take him to that ghetto university

Restraining order, can't see my daughter
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation, we met at Borders
Told her she take me back, I'll be more supportive
I made mistakes, I bumped my head
Courts sucked me dry, I spent that bread
She need her daddy, baby please
Can't let her grow up in that ghetto university

Yeezy season approachin'
Fuck whatever y'all been hearin'
Fuck what, fuck whatever y'all been wearin'
A monster about to come alive again
Soon as I pull up and park the Benz
We get this bitch shaking like Parkinsons
Take my number and lock it in
Indian hair, no moccasins
It's too many hoes in this house of sin
Real nigga back in the house again
Black Timbs all on your couch again
Black dick all in your spouse again
And I know she like chocolate men
She got more niggas off than Cochran, hah!

Baby girl tryna get a nut
And her girl tryna give it up
Chopped 'em both down
Don't judge 'em, Joe Brown
One last announcement
No sports bra, let's keep it bouncin'
Everybody wanna live at the top of the mountain
Took her to the 'Bleau, she tried to sip the fountain
That when David Grutman kicked her out
But I got her back in and put my dick in her mouth

Niggas talking, they bitchmade, Ixnay off my dicksnay
That's Pig Latin, itch-bay, who gon stop me huh?
Last night ain't go so well, got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert, "Yes!" Tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations you're just supposed to say none
Heard she fucked the doorman
Well that's cool I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess that's on one basis
I only like green faces

Maybe it's cause she into Leos and I was into trios
Plus all the trips to Rio couldn't have helped
It's gettin' cold, better bring your ski clothes
Peekin' through the keyhole, the door locked by myself
And I'm feelin' it right now, cause it's the time when my heart got shot down
Blocka, blocka, blocka-blocka, blocka
Pour a little champagne, cranberry vodka
Feelin' lied to like parents never said you adopted
Your feelins like Zulu, then nothing is a Shaka
I hit her with Jamaican dick, I'm the new Shabba
She lookin' for her daddy, call me Big Poppa
On to the next saga
Focus on the future and let the crew knock her
Star Wars fur, yeah, I'm rockin' Chewbacca
The one Chief Rocka, number-one Chief Rocka

Is it genocide?
Cause I can still hear his mama cry
Know the family traumatized
Shots left holes in his face about piranha-sized
The old pastor closed the cold casket
And said the church ain't got enough room for all the tombs
It's a war going on outside we ain't safe from
I feel the pain in my city wherever I go
314 soldiers died in Iraq, 509 died in Chicago
I arrived on the day Fred Hampton died
Uh, real niggas just multiply
And they say by 21 I was supposed to die
So I'm out here celebrating my post-demise
If you put crabs in a barrel to ensure your survival
You're gon' end up pulling down niggas that look just like you
What up, Blood? What up, cuz? It's all black, I love us

Yeah it's all messed up when it's nowhere to go
So we won't take the time out 'til we reach the T-O-P
From parolees to hold G's, sold keys, low keys
We like the promised land of the OG's
In the past if you picture events like a black tie
What the last thing you expect to see, black guys?
What's the life expectancy for black guys?
The system's working effectively, that's why!
I'll be a real man, take care of your son
Every problem you had before this day is now done
New crib, watch a movie
Cause ain't nothin on the news but the blues
Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci
Now ain't nothing new but your shoes
Sunday morning, praise the Lord
You're the girl that Jesus had been saving me for
So let's savor this moment and take it to the floor
Black excellence, truly yours

You say you never saw this comin', well you're not alone
Million dollar renovations to a happy home
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life
I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right
I wake up, assessin' the damages
Checkin' MediaTakeOut
Pictures of me drunk walkin' out with a bitch
But it's blurry enough to get the fake out
I wake up, all veggies no eggs
I hit the gym, all chest no legs
Yep, then I made myself a smoothie
Yeah, then me and wifey make a movie
Chicago - St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
Ándale Ándale E.I, E.I, uh, oh
You had me drivin' far enough to switch the time zone
You was the best of all time at the time though
Yeah, you wasn't mine though

I remember rappin' for Jay and Cam
Young producer just trying to get his flows off
I remember being nervous to do Victoria Secret
'Til I pictured everybody with their clothes off
Expedition was Eddie Bauer edition
I'm drivin' with no winter tires in December
Skrrt skrrt skrrt like a private school for women
Then I get there and all the Popeye's is finished, girl
You don't love me, you just pretendin'
I need that happy beginnin', middle and endin'
Chicago, St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
It's gettin' hot in here, that's all that I know
Got a hotel room, 3 stars for you
You call down for an omelet
Girl it's 5 in the morning
You realize we at the DoubleTree, not the Aria
Only thing open is Waffle House, girl don't start with me
I used the Western Union for you like it's no prob
Cause you was in college complainin' about it's no jobs
But you were suckin' a nigga dick the whole time
Well I guess a blowjob's better than no job

This the cray-ist shit in the club
Since "In Da Club"
It's so packed I might ride around
On my bodyguard's back like Prince in the club
She say "Can you get my friends in the club?"
I say "Can you get my Benz in the club?"
If not, treat your friends like my Benz
Park they ass outside 'til the evenin' end
When I go raw, I like to leave it in
When I wake up, I like to go again
When I go to work, she gotta call it in
She can't go to work, same clothes again
And her heart colder than the souls of men
Louboutin on the toes again
Tight dress dancin' close to him
Yeezus just rose again

I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wi-zerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Telling her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane, scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal, she'd been trying to be mine
She a Delta, so she'd been throwing that Dynasty sign
No use in me tryin' to be lyin', I been tryin' to be signed
Tryin' to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear this right here, history in the making, man

What if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talking about coke and birds
It was more like spoken word
Except he's really putting it down?
And he explained the story about how blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt
You would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God, Driver 2 wants to sue
I got a lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I...
I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky
It was televised
There's been an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must got a angel, 'cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what, you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire

Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, 'cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
'Cause right now thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit
'Specially in my Pastel, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel, homie, take six, and take this, haters!

I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
If God put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin', this drink got me saying a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment, right?
'Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby, you're makin' it
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)

Damn baby, pussy can't be your only hustle
Unless you bad as Naomi Russell
I mean a lot of niggas got money
So basically, Russell ain't the only Russell
Russell Brand, Russell Crowe
Zero Zero Zero Zero, a whole lot of O's
What you after, actor money?
You in line behind currency, yeah you after money
Bullet proof condom, when I'm in these hoes
Got staples on my dick, why? Fuckin' centerfolds
And I swear to God they so cold
Got a nigga in Miami wearing winter clothes
I got my fur on feelin' like Jerome
She got her fur too, we got our his and her on
Don't look at the jewelry, or get your burrr on
Too close, you comatose so dope you overdose
Get back, you overclose
Oh no, the hood was strugglin'
But then I blessed them with that Polo
Niggas was making music and then my first solo
Collo Drolo, sponsored by Manolo
She got Zeppi Notos ready for some photos
Yeah and I'm cold bitch, please try to keep the door closed
Lanvin thousand dollar tee with no logos
Let me show you what I see when my eyes closed

She don't believe in shooting stars
But she believe in shoes and cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's departments
You more like "love to start shit"
I'm more of the trips to Florida
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water
Straight from a page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man, why can't life always be this easy?
She in the mirror dancing so sleazy
I get a call like, "Where are you, Yeezy?"
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte
'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these niggas got me
I hate these niggas more than a Nazi

I know it's been a while, sweetheart
We hardly talk, I was doing my thang
I know it was foul, baby
Aye, babe, lately, you've been all on my brain
And if somebody woulda told me a month ago
Fronting though: yo, I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody woulda told me a year ago
It'll go get this difficult
Feeling like Katrina with no FEMA
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no visa
First class with the seat back, I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum
I'm just saying, hey, Mona Lisa
Come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar

The all around the world Digital Underground Pac
The Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer of the Roc
I take my chain, my 15 seconds of fame
And come back next year with the whole fucking game
Ain't nobody expect Kanye to end up on top
They expected that College Dropout to drop and then flop
Then maybe he stop savin' all the good beats for himself
Roc-A-Fella's only niggas that helped
My money was thinner than Sean Paul's goatee hair
Now Jean Paul Gaultier cologne fill the air, here
They say he bougie, he big-headed
Would you please stop talking about how my dick head is
Flow infectious, give me 10 seconds
I'll have a buzz bigger than insects in Texas
It's funny how wasn't nobody interested
'Til the night I almost killed myself in Lexus

Now was Kanye the most overlooked? Yes sir
Now is Kanye the most overbooked? Yes sir
Though the fans want the feeling of A Tribe Called Quest
But all they got left is this guy called West
That'll take Freeway, throw him on tracks with Mos Def
Call him Kwa-li or Kwe-li, I put him on songs with Jay-Z
I'm the Gap like Banana Republic and Old Navy, and oooh
It come out sweeter than old Sadie
Nice as Bun-B when I met him at the Source awards
Girl he had with him - ass coulda won the horse awards
And I was almost famous, now everybody love Kanye
I'm almost Raymond
Some say he arrogant. Can y'all blame him?
It was straight embarrassing how y'all played him
Last year shoppin my demo, I was tryin' to shine
Every motherfucker told me that I couldn't rhyme
Now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem
Or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams
I use it as my gas, so they say that I'm gassed
But without it I'd be last, so I ought to laugh
So I don't listen to the suits behind the desk no more
You niggas wear suits cause you can't dress no more
You can't say shit to Kanye West no more
I rocked 20,000 people, I was just on tour, nigga
I'm Kan, the Louis Vuitton Don
Bought my mom a purse, now she Louis Vuitton Mom
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards
I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
I went to the malls and I balled too hard
"Oh my god, is that a black card?"
I turned around and replied, "Why yes
But I prefer the term African American Express"
Brains, power, and muscle, like Dame, Puffy, and Russell
Your boy back on his hustle, you know what I've been up to
Killin y'all niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise-colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips

I met this girl when I was 3 years old
And what I loved most, she had so much soul
She said, "Excuse me, lil homie, I know you don't know me
But my name is Windy and I like to blow trees"
And from that point I never blow her off
Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off
They like to act tough, she like to tow 'em off
And make 'em straighten up their hat
'Cause she know they soft
And when I grew up, she showed me how to go downtown
In the nighttime her face lit up, so astoundin'
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
She never messed with entertainers cause they always leave
She said, "It felt like they walked and drove on me"
Knew I was gang affiliated, got on TV and told on me
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
She said, "'Ye, keep making that, keep making that
Keep making that platinum and gold for me!"

But if you really cared for her, then you wouldn't have never hit the airport to follow your dreams
Sometimes I still talk to her, but when I talk to her
It always seems like she talking 'bout me
She said, "You left your kids, and they just like you
They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you
But they just not you" and I just got through
Talking 'bout what we tryin' to do: just not new
Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
And guess when I heard that? When I was back home
Every interview I'm representin' you, makin' you proud
Reach for the stars so if you fall, you land on a cloud
Jump in the crowd, spark your lighters, wave 'em around
If you don't know by now, I'm talking 'bout Chi-Town

It was all good just a week ago, niggas feel theyselves
And that Watch the Throne drop, niggas kill themselves
What niggas gon' do, Hov?
This a new crack, on a new stove
I'm in the two-door, true that, niggas telling me "You back!"
Like a nigga ever left up out this bitch, huh?
And if life's a bitch, bet she suck my dick, huh
And I bet she fucked the whole clique, huh
By the way nigga you should fucking quit nigga
Just forget it, you talk it, I live it
Like Eli, I did it, joke's on you motherfucker, and I get it
No paper ho, but you can have some more of me
Or-a-gy or are we speaking metaphorically?
Historically I'm kicking bitches out like Pam, nigga
Going H·A·M nigga
Me and Jigga
And a nigga still young, that's why I have no kids
But I've been practicing with some actresses as bad as shit
Had a few white girls, asses flat as shit
But the head's so good, damn a nigga glad he hit
Got 'em jumping out the building, watch out below
A million out the door, I'm about to go H·A·M

I treat the label like money from my shows
GOOD woulda been God except I added more O's
If I knew she was cheating and still bought her more clothes
It's cause I was too busy with my Baltimore, you know
Some people call that the art of war, you know
I guess it depends what you falling for, the clothes?
Cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aw money, you sold your soul
Nah man, mad people was fronting
Goddamn, we made something from nothing

You're my devil, you're my angel
You're my heaven, you're my hell
You're my now, you're my forever
You're my freedom, you're my jail
You're my lies, you're my truth
You're my war, you're my truce
You're my questions, you're my proof
You're my stress and you're my masseuse
Ma ma se, ma ma se, ma ma ku sa
Lost in this plastic life
Let's break out of this fake-ass party
Turn this into a classic night
If we die in each others arms, still get laid in the afterlife
If we die in each others arms, still get laid, yeah, yeah, yeah

My wife said, I can't say no to nobody
And at this rate we gon' both die broke
Got friends that ask me for money knowin' I'm in debt
And like my wife said, I still didn't say no
People tryna say I'm goin' crazy on Twitter
My friends' best advice was to stay low
I guess it's hard to decipher all of the bills
Especially when you got family members on payroll
The media said it was outlandish spendin'
The media said he's way out of control
I just feel like I'm the only one not pretendin'
I'm not out of control, I'm just not in they control
I know I'm the most influential
That TIME cover was just confirmation
This generation's closest thing to Einstein
So don't worry about me, I'm fine
I can see a thousand years from now in real life
Skate on the paradigm and shift it when I feel like
Troll conventional thought, don't need to question
I know it's antiquated so sometimes I get aggressive
Thank God For Jay Electra, he down with the mission
Did it with with no permission, on our own conditions
Most Blacks with money have been beaten to submission
Yeezy with the big house, did it way different
Never listen to Hollywood producers
Don't stare at money too long, it's Medusa
The ultimate Gemini has survived
I wasn't supposed to make it past 25

I've been wakin' the spirits of millions more to come
A million illegally downloaded my truth over the drums
I believe in the children, listen to the kids, bro
If the phone ringin', go and get your kids ho
Brother Don Muhammad told the minister about the presentation
He sat back and smiled
Black on black lies is worse than black on black crime
The Jews share their truth on how to make a dime
Most black men couldn't balance a checkbook
But buy a new car, talkin' 'bout "how my neck look?"
Well... it all looks great
Four hundred years later, we buyin' our own chains
The light is before us brothers, so the devil workin' hard
Real family stick together and see through the mirage
The smokescreens, perceptions of false reality
Who the real owner if your boss gets a salary?
I am one with the people
I am one with the people (real)
I've been woken from enlightened man's dream
Checkin' Instagram comments to crowdsource my self esteem
Let me not say too much or do too much
Cause if I'm up way too much, I'm out of touch
I'm prayin' a out-of-body experience will happen
So the people can see my light, now it's not just rappin'
God, I have humbled myself before the court
Drop my ego and confidence was my last resort
I know, I know he got a plan, I know I'm on your beams
One set of footsteps, you was carryin' me
When I turned on the news and they was buryin' me
One set of footsteps, you was carryin' me
When I was negotiatin' with Apple, it was Larry and me
Told Tim Cook to call me, I was scary to see
I would've took a hundred million and gave 20 to Hov
I heard it's the way they did it when we only had a stove
But it's better that I stayed at home with my folks
Cause if Jay a billionaire then I'ma never go broke
Only thing I ask is next time I'm on stage we all go
We all go
Not just by myself, lookin' for niggas like where's Waldo
She got the same shoes as my wife but she copped 'em at Aldo
Modern day MJ with a off the wall flow

Closed eyes, see things
Fire up, tweaking
You in my freak dreams
You in my freak dreams
Bad bitch, you dig that
Get stacks, drive cars
Whip out, bitch out
Tits out, oh shit
My dick out, can she suck it right now?
Fuck, can she fuck right now?
I done asked twice now
Can you bring your price down?
Lil Boosie with the wipe down
A little woozy but I'm nice now
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the, what the fuck right now?
What if we fuck right now?
What if we fucked right in the middle
Of this mothafuckin' dinner table?
What if we fucked at this Vogue party?
Would we be the life of the whole party?
Shut down the whole party
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'?
They don't want nothin'
You mothafuckas livin' like half of your level, half of your life
I smack her on her ass if she ghetto, I ain't gon' lie
We be in the bathroom fuckin' like, "Baby don't get too loud"
I can, I can see it, yeah

Pablo bought a Roley and a rottweiler
Seem like the more fame, I only got wilder
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been saying how I feel at the wrong time
Might not come when you want but I'm on time

I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I know, I know, I shouldn't even bother
With all these gossiping, no-pussy-getting bloggers
Fashion show in Gotham, I need another costume
PETA's mad cause I made a jacket outta possum
Awesome, Steve Jobs mixed with Steve Austin
Rich slave in the fabric store picking cotton
If Hov J then every Jordan need a Rodman
Man, Jay, they don't really want no problems
Driving in the same car that they killed Pac in
Driving in the same urrr that they killed Pac in
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, hands up, then the cops shot us

You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless
Where restless (niggas) might snatch your necklace
And next these (niggas) might jack your Lexus
Somebody tell these (niggas) who Kanye West is
I walk through the valley of the Chi where death is
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless *gasps*
Try to catch it *gasps* it's kinda hard
Getting choked by detectives, yeah, yeah, now check the method
They be askin' us questions, harass and arrest us
Sayin' "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis
My mama used to say only Jesus can save us
Well mama I know I act a fool
But I'll be gone 'til November, I got packs to move
I hope

To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers, even the scrippers
(Jesus walks for them)
To the victims of welfare for we livin' in Hell here, hell yeah
(Jesus walks for them)
Now, hear ye, hear ye, want to see Thee more clearly
I know he hear me when my feet get weary
Cause we're the almost nearly extinct
We rappers is role models: we rap, we don't think
I ain't here to argue about his facial features
Or here to convert atheists into believers
I'm just tryna say the way school need teachers
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis, that's the way I need Jesus
So here go my single dog, radio needs this
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape
But if I talk about God my record won't get played, huh?
Well if this take away from my spins
Which'll probably take away from my ends
Then I hope this take away from my sins
And bring the day that I'm dreamin' about
Next time I'm in the club, everybody screamin' out

Wake up Mr. West, Mr. West
Mr. Fresh, Mister, by himself he's so impressed
I mean damn, did you even see the test?
You got D's, muthafucka D's, Rosie Perez
And yer ass barely passed any and every class
Looking at every ass, cheated on every test
I guess, this is my dissertation
Homie this shit is basic, welcome to Graduation

Good morning, on this day we become legendary
Everything we dreamed of
I'm like the fly Malcolm X, buy any jeans necessary
Detroit Red cleaned up
From the streets to the league, from a eighth to a ki'
But you graduate when you make it up outta the streets
From the moments of pain, look how far we done came
Haters saying you changed, now you doing your thang

Good morning, look at the valedictorian
Scared of the future while I hop in the DeLorean
Scared to face the world, complacent career student
Some people graduate, but be still stupid
They tell you read this, eat this, don't look around
Just peep this, preachers, teach us, Jesus
Okay look up now, they done stoled yo' streetness
After all of that you received this

I'm the one, baby, yeah, I'm the one, baby
Since God gave his only begotten son, baby
It's hard preachin' the gospel to the slums lately
So I had to put the church on the drums, baby
You on a run, baby, you on a run, baby
You think you free but you a slave to the funds, baby
You think you me, but you ain't me, what you done lately?
Mhm that's cool but I been runnin on the sun, baby
We on a galaxy the haters cannot visit
That's my reality so get off my Scott Disick
If you ever held a title belt, you would know how Michael felt
Tyson, Jackson, Jordan - Michael Phelps
Yeahhh, had to take it to another realm
Cause everything around me got me underwhelmed
Best way to describe my position is at the helm
Best way to describe my new whip - Yeeeaaaalmmp

Welcome to the good life, where niggas who sell D
Won't even get pulled over in they new V
The good life, let's go on a living spree
Shit, they say the best things in life are free
The good life, it feel like Atlanta
It feel like L.A., it feel like Miami
It feel like N.Y., summertime Chi
Ah! (Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
So I roll through good
Y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood, Ferrari
And she got the goods
And she got that ass, I got to look, sorry!

Welcome to the good life!
Where we like the girls who ain't on TV
Cause they got mo' (ass than the models)
The good life, so keep it comin' with the bottles
Cause she feel booze like she bombed at Apollo
The good life, it feel like Houston
It feel like Philly, it feel like D.C
It feel like V.A. or the Bay or Yay
Ay, this is the good life (Welcome to the good life)
Homey tell me what's good
Why I only got a problem when you in the hood (Welcome to the good life)
Like I'm new in the hood
The only thing I wish, I wish a nigga would (Welcome to the good life!)
He probably think he could
But, but, I don't think he should (Welcome to the good life)
50 told me, go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up

Have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin some brain
Whipped it out, she said "I never seen Snakes on a Plane"
Whether you broke or rich you gotta get this
Havin' money's not everything, not havin' it is
I was splurgin' on Tryst, but when I get my card back
Activated, I'm back to Vegas
Cause (the good life) I always had a passion for flashin'
Befo' I had it, I closed my eyes and imagined the good life

Back when they thought pink Polos would hurt the Roc
Before Cam got the shit to pop
The doors was closed
I felt like Bad Boy's street team; I couldn't work the locks
Now let's go, take 'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in that U-Haul van
Any pessimists, I ain't talk to them
Plus I ain't have no phone in my apart-a-ment
Let's take 'em back to the club
Least about an hour I stand on line
I just wanted to dance, I went to Jacob an hour
After I got my advance, I just wanted to shine
Jay favorite line: "Dawg, in due time!"
Now he look at me, like, "Damn, dawg! You where I am!"
A hip-hop legend
I think I died in that accident, 'cause this must be Heaven

Back when Gucci was the shit to rock
Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop
I'd do anything to say I got it
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket
Before anybody wanted K. West beats
Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC
Dog, I was having nervous breakdowns
Like "Man, these niggas that much better than me?"
Baby, I'm going on an aeroplane
And I don't know if I'll be back again
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets
But when she came to kick it, things became different
Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on
Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long
I'm trying to right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song

Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived
Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe
Does he write his own rhymes, well sort of, I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask if you talked about classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort
Or even a four-track recorder
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
It's for yourself, that's important
If your stripper name "Porscha" and you get tips from many men
Then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan"
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't because

I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him
30 minutes later sein' there's no convincin' him
What more could you ask for? The international asshole
Who complain about what he is owed?
And throw a tantrum like he is 3 years old
You gotta love it though somebody still speaks from his soul
And wouldn't change by the change, or the game, or the fame
When he came in the game, he made his own lane
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say Kayne
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown
Back in the Chi, them Folks ain't from Moe Town
Life movin' too fast I need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ass, ya need to go down
My father been said I need Jesus
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my caesar
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic
You know who you call, you got a message, then leave it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic
Yeah, the beat cold but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of
A&R's lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up"
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle till we got messed up
In the studio, with Really Doe, yeah, he next up
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question dog: "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
"What's up with you and Jay, man, are y'all ok man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like "Amen"
R-r-r-r-right here stands a man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands

I get down for my grandfather who took my mama
Made her sit in that seat where white folks ain't want us to eat
At the tender age of 6 she was arrested for the sit-ins
And with that in my blood I was born to be different
Now niggas can't make it to ballots to choose leadership
But we can make it to Jacob's and to the dealership
Swear I hear new music and I just don't be feelin' it
Racism's still alive, they just be concealin' it
But I know they don't want me in the damn club
They even made me show ID to get inside of Sam's Club
I done did dirt and went to church and get my hands scrubbed
Swear I've been baptized 'least 3 or 4 times
But in the land where niggas praise Yukons and getting paid
Its gonna take a lot more than coupons to get us saved
Like it take a lot more than doo rags to get you waves
Nothing sad as that day my girl's father passed away
So I promised to Mr. Rainey I'm gonna marry your daughter
And you know I gotta thank you for the way that she was brought up
And I know that you were smiling when you see the car I bought her
You sent tears from heaven when you seen my car get balled up
But I can't complain what the accident did to my left eye
Cause look what an accident did to Left Eye
First Aaliyah now Romeo must die
I know I got angels watching me from the other side

It's the Hard Knock Life Tour, sellout; picture
Us in the mall, coppin' Iceberg and yell out "Jigga"
Yeah, that's what we'll yell out, yell out
You know the name do I gotta spell out or tell 'bout
J-A-Y, and 'Ye so shy
Now he won't even step to his idol to say hi
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by
Back of my mind, "He could change your life
With all these beats I did, at least let him hear it
At least you can brag to ya friends back at the gig"
But he got me out me out my momma crib
Then he help me get my momma a crib

Fresh off the plane, I'm off to Baseline
Nothing handed out, I'm 'bout to take mine
'round the same time of that Blueprint 1
And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for him
I'd play my little songs in that old back room
He'd bob his head and say "Damn! Oh, that's you?"
But by The Black Album, I was blacking out
Partyin' S.O.B.'s and we had packed a crowd
Big brother got his show up at Madison Square
And I'm like "Yeah, yeah, we gon' be there" but
Not only did I not get a chance to spit it
Carline told me I could buy two tickets
I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different
And kept little brother at bay, at a distance
But everything that I felt was more bogus
Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent
Only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over
I guess I'll understand when I get more older
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem
Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum

Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant?
Not only a client, the Presidito, hola, Hovito
The game gettin' foul so here's a free throw
I was always on the other side of the peephole
Then I dropped "Jesus Walks" now I'm on the steeple
And we know, "New Jack City" got to keep my brother
But to be number one I'mma beat my brother
On that "Diamonds" remix I swore I spazzed
Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass
Sibling rivalry, only I could see
It was the pride in me that was drivin' me
At the Grammys I said, "I inspired me"
But my big brother who I always tried to be
When I kicked a flow it like pick-and-roll
Cause even if he gave me the rock, it's give-and-go
I guess Beanie's style was more of a slam dunk
But my shit was more like a finger roll
But I had them singles though
And them hoes at the show gonna mingle, yo, heh, y'all know
I told Jay I did a song with Coldplay
Next thing I know he got a song with Coldplay
Back in my mind I'm like "Damn, no way"
Translate, espanol "No way, Jose"
Then I went and told Jay Brown
Shoulda known that was gonna come back around
Shoulda talked to you like a man, shoulda told you first
But I told somebody else and that's what made shit worse

And I'll never let my son have an ego
He'll be nice to everyone, wherever we go
I mean I might even make him be Republican
So everybody know he love white people
And I'll never let him leave his college girlfriend
And get caught up with the groupies in the whirlwind
And I'll never let him ever hit the telethon
I mean even if people dyin' and the world ends
See, I just want him to have an easy life
Not like Yeezy life, just want him to be someone people like
Don't want him to be hated all the time, judged
Don't be like your daddy that would never budge
And I'll never let him ever hit a strip club
I learned the hard way, that ain't the place to get love
And I'll never let his mom move to LA
Knowin' she couldn't take the pressure now we all pray

I think I just fell in love with a porn star
Turn the camera on, she a born star
Turn the corners in a foreign car
Call the coroners, do the CPR
She gave that old nigga a ulcer
Her bittersweet taste made his gold teeth ache
Make her knees shake, make a priest faint
Make a nun cum, make her cremate
Move downtown, cop a sweet space
Livin' life like we won the sweepstakes, what
We headed to hell for heaven's sakes, huh
Well I'mma levitate, make the devil wait, yeah!

Never in your wildest dreams
Never in your wildest dreams, in your wildest
You could hear the loudest screams
Comin' from inside the screen, you a wild bitch
Tell me what I gotta do to be that guy
Said her price go down, she ever fuck a black guy
Or do anal, or do a gangbang
It's kinda crazy that's all considered the same thing
Well I guess a lotta niggas do gang bang
And if we run trains, we all in the same gang
Runaway slaves all on a chain gang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang

One day I'm gon' marry a porn star
We'll have a big-ass crib and a long yard
We'll have a mansion and some fly maids
Nothin' to hide, we both screwed the bridesmaids
She wanna role play, 'til I roll over
I'mma need a whole day, at least rolled doja
What party is we goin' to on Oscar day
'specially if she can't get that dress from Oscar de
La Renta, they wouldn't rent her, they couldn't take the shame
Snatched the dress off her back and told her, “Get away”
How could you say they live they life wrong?
When you never fuck with the lights on

Mmm ain't this some shit? Pulled up in the A-V-entador
And the doors, raise up, like praise the Lord
Did the fashion show, and a tour, and a movie, and a score
This a ghetto opera, Francis Foreign Car Coppola
I need a new crib to hold my plaques, Rick Ross'd told me that
Said I'd be all up in Goldman Sachs like, "These niggas tryna hold me back
These niggas tryna hold me back", I'm just trying to protect my stacks
Mitt Romney, don't pay no tax, Mitt Romney, don't pay no tax
Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back, Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back
Only nigga in Beverly Hills, where the hell is Axel Foley at?
"Ease up there, baby boy": Ving Rhames told Jody that
R. Kelly and the God of rap
Shitting on you, holy crap

I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine
I'm finna take yall back to them better times
I'm finna talk about my mama if yall don't mind
I was three years old, when you and I moved to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that mommy can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
Cuz a nigga cheatin, telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy I'mma love you till you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more
And I'mma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
See you're, unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that's makin loot
A livin legend too, just look at what heaven do
Send us an angel, and I thank you (Hey Mama)

Forrest Gump mama said, "Life is like a box of chocolates"
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate
Somethin to fall back on, you could profit with
But still supported me when I did the opposite
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you
You was getting through, can the choir please
Give me a verse of "You Are So Beautiful To Me"
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry
Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy
Come on mommy just dance wit me, let the whole world see your dancing feet
Now when I say Hey, yall say Mama, now everybody answer me (Hey Mama)

Tell your job you gotta fake em out
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out
To a restaurant, upper echelon
I'mma get you a Jag, whatever else you want
Just tell me what kind of S-Type Donda West like?
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday
For me to just call and say: (Hey Mama)

And I heard 'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
From the Chi, like Tim it's a harder way
So this is in the name of love like Robert say
Before you ask me to go get a job today
Can I at least get a raise of the minimum wage?
And I know that the government administer AIDS
So I guess we just pray like the minister say
Allāhu Akbar and throw him some hot cars
Things we see on the screen that's not ours
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far
Where I'm from the dope boys is the rock stars
But they can't cop cars without seeing cop cars
I guess they want us all behind bars - I know it

They say people in your life for seasons
And anything that happen is for a reason
And niggas gun clapping and keep to squeezing
And Gran keep praying and keep believing
In Jesus, and one day that you see him
'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him
The devil is alive I feel him breathin
Claiming money is the key, so keep on dreamin
And put them lottery tickets just to tease us
My Aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down
So now my little cousin smokin them cigarettes now
His job try to claim that he too niggerish now
Is it cause his skin blacker than licorice now
I can't figure it out, I'm sick of it now

Trying to sneak upstairs to your apartment
Aren't you a sight for red eyes
I just flew in and slipped in on your left side
Just a satin gown, you asleep with no make-up
I'm just tryna be inside you 'fore you wake up

We had problems but it's all in the past
Everybody got problems baby, algebra class
Remember I used to do things that'd make you laugh
Like orderin' a girl drink in a masculine glass
You like piña coladas, getting caught in the rain
Or rocking flannels all summer like Kurt Cobain
Or that Dolce Gabbana with a few gold chains
And you the type of girl that probably deserve a new last name
But, they never let us do our thing
Everybody lying on who I bang
We was on fire but they blew our flame
Ain't no denying baby you have changed
Cause now your high heels clicking, your lip gloss glisten
Your hips start switching, you're pissed off, tripping
Cause even when we're kissing baby girl feel different
Friends all diss him like, "No he didn't?
No he didn't, is you talking about Kitten?
Is that bitch still stripping?
Trying to get a pair of Christians?"
I swear to God that they got you going crazy
But you play it off and say, "How is work baby?"
Well some of the models is too coked up to walk straight
But seem to still love the man that they all hate
But babe I call you back and say that you say that always
And kept me on the phone and demanded they all wait
See, she knew about all my lies the whole time
And my credit's so bad I can't get no one to cosign
I would've thought she would've bust in the door cryin'
But she upped and left a nigga and she ain't give me no sign
Now, she back in the club in a tight dress
With dreams of someday wearing a white dress
Seen with some lame, it's a miracle that she'd
Talk to a nigga with a ten-year ago swag
Plus I don't like none of her girlfriends
Quote unquote, "Cause her girlfriends got girlfriends."
On the phone, hollin' that "niggas is whatever"
Let's fly to Euro and make this the best summer ever
Now she heading to Rome, Rome is the home
Rome is where she act like she ain't got no fucking phone
I accept that I was wrong, except a nigga grown
So I can't bitch and moan, in a session gettin' stoned
So a nigga had to hop on a plane
A bus and a train, to try to come and talk and explain
Rented the whole bottom floor for a candlelight dinner
Turned the lights out and put my candle right in her
And told her, "Even though I met you in a club in a tight dress
At first sight I could picture you in a white dress."
Thirty foot train, diamond from Lorraine
Just to make up for all the years and the pain
Family on both sides, I'm so glad you came
Aunty couldn't make it, oh no that's a shame
Wedding in June, what could be better?
Let's fly to Euro, make this the best summer ever
Take the very last car of the Eurostar
Tell the conductor, "Just drive so far."
Told some of your friends and they wasn't excited
Well we gon' tour the countryside and they won't be invited
We will not be disturbed by the fussin' and fighting
Tell Peaches light the herb cause we just reunited
Let's make a move from these herbs, go somewhere in private
I'm talking just me and you and the plane and the pilot

How could you be so
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo?
Just remember that you talking to me though
You need to watch the way you talking to me, yo
I mean, after all the things that we been through
I mean, after all the things we got into
Ayo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Ayo, I did some things, but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back
And you gonna show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend, well, I got homies
But in the end it's still so lonely

How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You bringing out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we wasn't gonna speak, so
Why we up 3 AM on the phone?
Why do she be so mad at me for?
Homie, I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
'Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leavin' me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple of months, then you gonna see
You'll never find nobody better than me

You don't see just how wild the crowd is (realize)
You don't see just how fly my style is (realize)
I don't see why I need a stylist (realize)
When I shop so much I can speak Italian (realize)
I don't know I just want it better for my kids (realize)
And I ain't saying we was from the projects (realize)
But every time I wanna layaway or deposit (realize)
My dad'd say "when you see clothes, close your eyelids" (realize)
We was sort of like Will Smith and his son (realize)
In the movie -- I ain't talking 'bout the rich ones (realize)
Cause every summer
He'll get some brand new harebrained scheme to get rich from (realize)
And I don't know what he did for dough (realize)
But he'll send me back to school with a new wardrobe

When it feel like living's harder than dying (realize)
For me giving up's way harder than trying (realize)
Lauryn Hill said her heart was in Zion (realize)
I wish her heart still was in rhyming (realize)
Cause who the kids gon' listen to, huh? (realize)
I guess me if it isn't you (realize)
Last week I paid a visit to the institute (realize)
They got the dropout keeping kids in the school (realize)
I guess I cleaned up my act like Prince'd do (realize)
If not for pleasure, then at least for the principle (realize)
They got the CD, they got to see me (realize)
Drop gems like I dropped out of PE (realize)
They used to feel invisible (realize)
Now they know they invincible

I paid for them titties, get your own
It ain't safe in the city, watch the throne
She say I care more about them basquions
Basquiats, she learning a new word, it's yacht
Blew the world up as soon as I hit the club with her
Too Short called, told me I fell in love with her
Seat by actors, ball players and drug dealers
And some lesbians that never loved niggas
Twisted love story, True Romance
Mary Magdalene from a pole dance
I'm a freak, huh, rock star life
The second girl with us, that's our wife
Hey boys and girls, I got a new riddle
Who's the new old perv that's tryna play second fiddle
No disrespect, I'm not tryna belittle
But my dick worth money I put Monie in the middle
Where she at? In the middle

I'll never be picture-perfect Beyoncé
Be light as Al B or black as Chauncey
Remember him from Blackstreet? He was as black as the street was
I'll never be as laid back as this beat was
I never could see why people reach a
Fake-ass facade that they couldn't keep up
You see how I creeped up?
You see how I played a big role in Chicago like Queen Latifah?
I'll never rock a mink coat in the wintertime like Killa Cam
Or rock some mink boots in the summertime like Will.I.Am
Let me know if you feel it, man
Cause everything I'm not made me everything I am

And I'm back to tear it up
Haters start your engines, I hear 'em gearing up
People talk so much shit about me at barbershops
They forget to get their hair cut
Ok, fair enough, the streets is flaring up
Cause they want gun talk, or I don't wear enough
Baggy clothes, Reeboks, or A-di-dos
Can I add that he do spaz out at his shows
So say goodbye to the NAACP award
Goodbye to the India Arie award
They'd rather give me the "Nigga Please" Award
But I'll just take the "I Got a Lot of Cheese" Award

I know that people wouldn't usually rap this
But I got the facts to back this
Just last year, Chicago had over 600 caskets
Man, killing's some wack shit
Oh, I forgot, 'cept for when niggas is rappin'
Do you know what it feel like when people is passin'?
He got changed over his chains a block off Ashland
I need to talk to somebody, pastor
The church want tithe, so I can't afford to pay
Pink slip on my door, cause I can't afford to stay
My fifteen seconds up, but I got more to say
That's enough Mr. West, please, no more today

You sweat her and I ain't talkin 'bout a Coogi
You a Big L and I ain't talkin 'bout Cool J
See me at the airport, at least twenty Louis
Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay
(Brother Numpsay!) groupies say I'm too choosy
Take em to the show and talk all through the movies
Says she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays
If we up in Fridays, I still have it my way

Y'all don't want no prob' from me
What you rappers could get is a job from me
Maybe you could be my intern and in turn
I'll show you how I cook up summer in the winter
Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn
Caught something on the Usher tour, he had to let it burn
Plus he already got three children
Arguin' over babysitters like bitch it's yo turn
"Damn Ye it'd be stupid to diss you
Even your superficial raps is super-official"
R-R-R-Roc pastel with Gucci on
With TVs in the ride, throw a movie on
Said he couldn't rap now he at the top with Doobie Long
Cause I dookied on any song that they threw me on, gone

Uh-uh-uh, uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn
Uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh
I'm ahead of my time, sometimes years out
So the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out
And that make me wanna get my advance out
And move to Oklahoma and just live at my aunt's house
Yeah, I romance the thought of leaving it all behind
Kanye step away from the lime
Light like when I was on the grind
In the 1-9-9-9
Before model chicks was bending over
Or dealerships asked me "Benz or Rover?"
Man, if I could just get one beat on Hova
We could get up off this cheap-ass sofa
What the summer of the Chi got to offer an eighteen-year-old?
Sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play your role
My dog worked at Taco Bell, hooked us up plural
Fired a week later, the manager count the churros
Sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirro'
How we out in Europe, spending Euros
They claim you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on
I'ma open up a store for aspiring MCs
Won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free
But if they ever flip sides like Anakin
You'll sell everything including the mannequin
They got a new bitch, now you Jennifer Aniston
Hold on I'll handle it, don't start panickin', stay calm
Shorties at the door cause they need more
Inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs
They said, "Sorry, Mr. West is gone"

I told my mama I was on the come up
She said, "You going to school, I'll give you a summer"
Then she met No I.D. and gave me his number
Ten years later she driving a Hummer
Niggas hustle every day for a beat from Ye
What I do? Turn around gave them beats to Jay
And I'm rapping on the beat they was supposed to buy
I guess I'm getting high off my own supply
Downtown mixing fabrics tryna find the magic
Started a little blog just to get some traffic
Old folks'll tell you not to play in traffic
A million hits and the web crashes, damn!
South Park had them all laughing
Now all my niggas designing and we all swaggin'
Ignore the critics just to say we did it
This ain't no fashion show mothafucka, we live it

I've been waiting on this my whole life
These dreams be waking me up at night
You say I think I'm never wrong
You know what, maybe you're right, aight

You say he get on your fucking nerves
You hope that he get what he deserves, word
Do you even remember what the issue is?
You just trying to find where the tissue is
You can still be who you wish you is
It ain't happen yet
And that's what intuition is
When you hop back in the car
Drive back to the crib
Run back to their arms
The smokescreens
The chokes and the screams
You ever wonder what it all really means?

And I'm back on my grind
A psychic read my lifeline
Told me in my lifetime
My name would help light up the Chicago skyline
And that's why I'm
Seven o'clock, that's primetime
Heaven'll watch, God calling from the hotlines
Why he keep giving me hot lines?
I'm a star, how could I not shine?
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a spouse?
Something in your blouse got me feeling so aroused
What you about?
On that independent shit
Trade it all for a husband and some kids
You ever wonder what it all really mean?
You wonder if you'll ever find your dreams?

If my manager insults me again
I will be assaulting him
After I fuck the manager up
Then I'm gonna shorten the register up
Let's go back, back to the Gap
Look at my check, wasn't no scratch
So if I stole, wasn't my fault
Yeah I stole, never got caught
They take me to the back and pat me
Askin' me about some khakis
But let some black people walk in
I bet you they show off their token blackie
Oh now they love Kanye, let's put him all in the front of the store
So I'm on break next to the "No Smokin'" sign with a blunt in the mall
Takin' my hits, writing my hits
Writin' my rhymes, playin' my mind
This fuckin' job can't help him
So I quit, y'all welcome
Y'all don't know my struggle
Y'all can't match my hustle
You can't catch my hustle
You can't fathom my love dude
Lock yourself in a room doing 5 beats a day for 3 summers
That's a Different World like Cree Summer's
I deserve to do these numbers
"The kid that made that deserves that Maybach!"
So many records in my basement
I'm just waiting on my spaceship

N-n-n-now, my flow
Is in the pocket like wallets, I got the bounce like hydraulics
I can't call it, I got the swerve like alcoholics
My freshman year I was going through hella problems
'Til I, built up the nerve to drop my ass up out of college
My teacher said I'se a loser, I told her why don't you kill me
I give a fuck if you fail me, I'm gonna follow
My heart, and if you follow the charts
Or the plaques or the stacks
You ain't gotta guess who's back, you see
I'm so Chi that you thought I was bashful
But this bastard's flow will bash your skull
And I will, cut your girl like Pastor Tro'
And I don't, usually smoke
But pass the 'dro
And I won't, give you that money that you asking for
Why you think me and Dame cool? We assholes
That's why we hear your music in fast forward
'Cuz we don't wanna hear that weak shit no mo'

N-n-n-n-n-now who the hell is this
E-mailing me at 11:26?
Telling me that she 36-26, plus double-d
You know how girls on Black Planet be when they get bubbly
At NYU but she hail from Kansas
Right now she just lamping, chilling on campus
Sent me a picture of her feelin' on Candice
Who said her favorite rapper was the late great Francis
W-H-I-T-E, it's getting late mami
Your screen saver say tweet, so you got to "call me"
And bring a friend for my friend, his name Kweli
(You mean Talib? Lyrics sticks to your rib)
I mean (That's my favorite CD that I play at my crib)
I mean (You don't really know him, why is you lyin')
Yo Kwe, she don't believe me, please pick up the line
She gon' think that I'm lyin', just spit a couple of lines
Then maybe I'll be able to give her dick all the time
And get her high

I'm in my Christian Dior with a Veronica Webb
Noemie Lenoir, Chanel, Sessilee Lopez
Arlenis Sosa, Selita Ebanks
Grew up on Mobb Deep, speak that Jourdan Dunn language
Make a phone call, out to Joan Smalls
I wonder how it feel to lower Stone's walls
Jessica Gomes, y'all, I would damage her
And see if Jessica Stam got the stamina
I'm in the car with Leo and the Benz swerve
I heard Bar was friends with Esti Ginzburg
Coco Rocha, Kate Mimosa
Alessandra Ambrosio, Anja Rubik
Get Olga Kurylenko, tell her I'm very single
Abbey Lee too, I'm a freak boo
I'm wilding, I'm on a thousand
I wanna see Irina Shayk next to Doutzen

If this is your first time hearin' this
You are about to experience somethin' so cold, man
We never had nothin' handed, took nothin' for granted
Took nothin' from no man, man, I'm my own man
But as a shorty I looked up to the dopeman
Only adult man I knew that wasn't broke, man
Flickin' Starter coats, man
Man, you don't know, man
We don't care what people say
This is for my niggas outside all winter
Cause this summer they ain't finna say: "next summer I'm finna"
Sittin' in the hood like community colleges
This dope money here is Lil' Trey's scholarship
Cause ain't no tuition for having no ambition
And ain't no loans for sittin' your ass at home
So we forced to sell crack, rap, and get a job
You gotta do somethin' man, your ass is grown

The second verse is for my dogs workin' 9 to 5 that still hustle
Cause a nigga can't shine off $6.55
And everybody sellin' makeup, Jacob's
And bootlegged tapes just to get they cake up
We put shit on layaway, then come back
We claim other people kids on our income tax
We take that money, cop work, then push packs to get paid
And we don't care what people say
Momma say she wanna move South
Scratchin' lottery tickets, eyes on a new house
'Round the same time, Doe ran up in dude house
Couldn't get a job, so since he couldn't get work
He figured he'd take work
The drug game bulimic, it's hard to get weight
A nigga's money is homo, it's hard to get straight
But we gon' keep bakin' til the day we get cake
And "we don't care what people say"

You know the kids gon' act a fool
When you stop the programs for after school
And they DCFS, some of 'em dyslexic
They favorite 50 Cent song "12 Questions"
We scream: "rocks, blow, weed, park", see, now we smart
We ain't retards, the way teachers thought
Hold up, hold fast, we make more cash
Now tell my momma I belong in that slow class
Sad enough we on welfare
They tryna put me on the school bus with the space for the wheelchair
I'm tryna get the car with the chromie wheels here
They tryna cut our lights out like we don't live here
Look what was handed us, fathers abandoned us
When we get them hammers, go on, call the ambulance
Sometimes I feel no one in this world understands us
But "we don't care what people say"
My niggas

This is family business
And this is for the family that can't be with us
And this is for my cousin locked down, know the answer's in us
This why I spit it in my songs so sweet
Like a photo of your granny's picture
Now that you're gone it hit us
Super hard on Thankgiving and Christmas, this can't be right
Yeah you heard the track I did man, "This Can't Be Life"
Somebody please say grace so I can save face
And have a reason to cover my face
I even made you a plate, soul food, know how Granny do it
Monkey bread on the side, know how the family do it
When I brought it why the guard have to look all through it?
As kids we used to laugh
Who knew that life would move this fast?
Who knew I'd have to look at you through a glass?
And look, tell me you ain't did it then you ain't did it
And if you did, then that's family business

This is family business
And this is for everybody standing with us
Come on, let's take a family Grammy picture
Abi, remember when they ain't believe in me?
Now she like "See, that's my cousin on TV!"
Now, we gettin' it and we gon' make it
And they gon' hate it and I'm his favorite
I can't deny it, I'm a straight rider
But when we get together be electric slidin'
Grandma, get 'em shook up
Aw naw, don't open the photo book up
I got an Aunt Ruth that can't remember your name
But I bet them Polaroids'll send her down memory lane
You know that one auntie, you don't mean to be rude
But every holiday nobody eating her food
And you don't wanna stay there cause them your worst cousins
Got roaches at their crib like them your first cousins
Act like you ain't took a bath with your cousins
Fit 3 in the bed if it's 6 of y'all
I'm talkin' 'bout three by the head and three by the leg
But you ain't have to tell my girl I used to pee in the bed

I woke up early this morning with a new state of mind
A creative way to rhyme without using knives and guns
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to God
And keep your face to the risin' sun
All my niggas from the Chi, that's my family, dog
And my niggas ain't my guys, they my family, dog
I feel like one day you'll understand me, dog
You can still love your man and be manly, dog
You ain't got to get heated at every house warmin'
Sittin' here, grillin' people like George Foreman
Why Uncle Ray and Aunt Shiela always performin'?
The second she storm out then he storm in
Y'all gon' sit down, have a good time this reunion
And drink some wine like Communion
And act like everything fine and if it isn't
We ain't letting everybody in our family business

Yeah, uh, now I'ma need you to kill the hypocrisy
This is an aristocracy
I'm Socrates, but my skin more chocolatey
What's up with who? That's old news
I'm in a speedboat in my boat shoes
Hah? I swear my whole collection's so cruise
I might walk in Nobu wit' no shoes
"He just walked in Nobu like it was Whole Foods
That nigga crazy, I told you"
Immature adult, insecure asshole
And if you fall on the concrete, that's your ass fault
If you pass on a Kan' beat, that's your last fault
Get what you ask for, I swear that your ass low
She got a big booty, but she couldn't drop that ass low
'Til you take your last ho and rope up all the cashflow
When you gettin' money, they be all up on your ass, yo
When you gettin' money, cops don't let a nigga pass Go
Straight to jail, yo, in a hellhole
Right next to Lucifer, tell em I said, "Hello"
Ask if I'ma be there soon and tell him I said, “Hell no”
Yo, what you say when your people get out of jail, huh?

Pour the champagne, let your watch show
Shorty got a man watch; wrist look colossal
I admit my first watch was a Fossil
Now I'm in the Louvre lookin' for fossils
'Tention to detail is so uncanny
And the whip's on the Sprewells, it's so un-Camry
Somebody need to put us on camera
The world of Rollies and everyone families
Stay Jordan fresh, suits and Ferraris
Cute, your shorty watch Barney's, we head to Barney's
End up at Marni, Giorgio, service from Sergio Tacchini
Lamborghini, the chain throw off the vertigo
I know the flow just hit a hellified vertical
This the Christ year, last year was magic; 32
Lyrically, can't none of y'all murder 'Ye
Cause y'all raps ain't got no vertebrae
I got style, ask June if she heard of me
I killed the fur last Paris, raised the murder rate
First of all, we all know the beats is
Like a mix between Fergie and Jesus
Imagine the direction of this immaculate conception
Every one of His Majesty's swim parties is pageantries
Cannonball off the divin' board when I am bored
All my homies GDs, but I am Lord
Rap god, Greek mythology
And this life too crazy to think logically
Here's somethin' that you could use in analogy
My life is like a child's illusions become reality

Can I talk my shit again?
Even if I don't hit again?
Dog, are you fucking kidding?
My hat, my shoes, my coat
Louis Vuitton stitch, with Donatella Versace
That's Louis Vuitton bitch
I think Hennessy, I drank, I'm gone
Off that Bacardi Limon and Corona. I'm zoning
Class back in session so I upped it a grade
Two years Dwayne Wayne became Dwyane Wade
And, Hey
Please don't start me
I'm like Gnarls Barkley meets Charles Barkley
I'm pop the Barkers, I'm hood the Parkers
While y'all was in limbo I raised the bar up
I touched on everything
Married to the game, roc-a-chain instead of a wedding ring
Y'all bridesmaids catch the garter
On nights when 'Ye romance
Cameras flash so much
That I gotta do that Yayo dance
I'm on a world tour with Common, my man
After each and every show a couple dykes in the van
It's easy
The hood love to listen to Jeezy and Weezy
And, oh yeah, Yeezy
I did it for the glory

What am I supposed to do now?
Man the game all messed up
How I'm suppose to stand out when everybody get dressed up?
So yeah, at the Grammys I went ultra Travolta
Yeah that tuxedo might have been a little guido
But with my ego
I can stand there in a speedo
And be looked at like a fucking hero
The glory, the story, the chain, the polo, the night
The grind, the empty bottles of No-Doz
Tank on empty, whipping my mamma's Volvo
I spent that gas money on clothes with logos
The fur is Hermes, shit that you don't floss
The Goyard so hard man, I'm Hugo's boss
Why I gotta ask what that Tudor cost
House on the hill
Two doors from Tracey Ross
And I'm asking about her girlfriends
Yeah, the dark skin'ed ones
She asking about the speed boats yeah I admit we rented 'em
When you meet me in person what do you feel like?
I know, I know I look better in real life
I hear people compare themselves to big a lot
You know B.I.G. and Pac, you know to get it hot
I guess after I live I wanna be compared to B.I.G
Any one: Big Pun, Big L or Notorious
'Till then, get money and stunt and stay glorious
And I'm gonna stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit

I miss the misogyny, bad bitches massagin' me
Sometimes we lowered our standards at the colleges
So please don't judge me, uh, for the followin':
Fat bitches swallowin', skinny bitches modelin'
Take off that Givenchy and let's get raunchy
I have your face looking all Captain Crunchy
The devil stay testing, 'cause when you chase the pussy it's a sin
But if it falls in your lap, it's a blessin'
Soon as I got salad, I spent it all on dressin'
French, to be exact, that Balmain was impressive
Hedi Slimane leathers

My homie Mali used to stay at 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they would leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
And walked around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away
Left him with a lil' somethin, 16 he was stuntin'
Al B. Sure nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby
See back-back then-then, if you had a car
You was the Chi-Town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin, a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin 'em all
With the girls a lot of flirtin' involved, but dog
Fuck all that flirtin', I'm tryin' to get in some drawers
So put me on with these hoes, homie
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow, homie

I do it for the forefathers, yeah, the street authors
That are now A&Rs in the cheap office
Rappers that never got signed but they keep offers
Girls that's way too fine for us to keep off us
Gave her a handshake only for my man's sake
She in her birthday suit cause of the damn cake
Now there's crumbs all over the damn place
And she want me to cum all over her damn face
I never understood planned parenthood
Cause I never met nobody planned to be a parent in the hood
Taking refills of that Plan B pill
Another shorty that won't make it to the family will
If I don't make it, can't take it, hope the family will
They ain't crazy, they don't know how insanity feel
Don C just had a shorty, so it's not that bad
But I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had

No electro, no metro, a little retro, ahh, perfecto
You know the demo, your boy act wild
You ain't get the memo? Yeezy's back in style
Now one room got Gidget, the other got Bridget
What's more tripped out, dawg, is they sisters
Nah, you ain't listen, they black, they sistas
They momma named them after white bitches
So next time you see me on your fallopian
Though the jewelry's Egyptian, know the hunger's Ethiopian
Stupid questions like “Is he gon' be dope again?
Have you seen him? has anybody spoke to him?”
This beat deserves Hennessey, a bad bitch
And a bag of weed: the Holy Trinity
In the mirror where I see my only enemy
Your life's cursed, well mine's an obscenity

1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and get them sit ups right and
Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
Give head, stop breathe, get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited
Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
What's scary to me is
Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night I came, I came, I came

Oh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set
Twista said "Get It Wet"
Ooh girl your breath is harsh!
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS
Off them tracks yea I bought them cars
Still kill a nigga on 16 bars
We ain't sweating to the oldies
We juking to a cold beat
Maybe one day girl we can bone
So you can brag to all your homies now
But I still mess with a big girl
If you ain't fit girl, I'll still hit girl
1 and you brought 2 friends
OK, 3 more now hop in the Benz
4-door - do you know the difference between a 5, 6, 7, 8
All the mocha lattes you gotta do Pilates
You gotta pop this tape in before you start back dating
Hustlers, gangstas, all us ballas

Pray for me
I'm about to hit the Ye button
I don't wanna say nothin' wrong
But it'd be wrong if I ain't say nothin'
Imagine if I ain't say somethin'
Wouldn't none these niggas say nothin'
I done lost and made money
Now I'm makin' somethin' they can't take from me
And I'm fresh out of debt in this mothafucka!
And they still ain't ready yet for a mothafucka!
Yeezy might have to go and put his Louis on
I'm 'bout to go Gucci in the Gucci store

I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
And that haunted me, all the way home
So you never know, never never know
Never know enough, 'til it's over love
'Til we lose control, SYSTEM OVERLOAD
Screaming, "No, no, no, n-nooo!"
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I wanna move, but can't escape from you
So I keep it low, keep a secret code
So everybody else don't have to know

I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I can't keep my cool, so I keep it true
I got something to lose, so I gotta move
I can't keep myself, and still keep you too
So I keep in mind, when I'm on my own
Somewhere far from home, in the danger zone
How many times did I tell you 'fore it finally got through?
You lose, you lose
I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
See I had to go, see I had to move
No more wasting time, you can't wait for life
We're just racing time, where's the finish line?

I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I bet no one knew, I got no one new
Know I said I'm through, but got love for you
But I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
Gotta keep it going, keep the loving going
Keep it on the roll, only God knows
If I be with you, baby I'm confused
You choose, you choose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
Where I wanna go, I don't need you
I've been down this road, too many times before
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to

Primetime, basking in the lime
Cassius in his prime, coloring out of the line
Cause they don't want nobody that's colored out of the lines
So I'm late as a motherfucker, colored people time
Damn, Yeezy, it all gotta be dimes?
Well Adam gave up a rib, so mine better be prime
Niggas gonna kill me, I swear they better be lying
I never live in fear, I'm too out of my mind
Primetime, never hit these heights
I mean it's like, it's like our first first-class flight
I'm tripping on it, socks on marble floors, I'm slipping on it
Champagne I'm sipping on, shit tastes different, don't it?
You know what? You right
It's like the best damn champagne I had in my life
"When you coming home?" That's a text from my wife
I told her run a bubble bath
And float in that motherfucker like a hovercraft
And soak in that motherfucker 'til I call you back
I mean, who says shit like that and doesn't laugh?
Hah...

Feelin better than some head on a Sunday afternoon
Better than a chick that say yes too soon
Until you have a daughter that's what I call karma
And you pray to God she don't grow breasts too soon
Projects to' up, gang signs is thrown up
Niggas hats broke off, that's how we grow up
Why else you think shorties write rhymes just to blow up?
Get they first car and then IRS show up
He ain't never had shit, but he had that 9
Nigga come through flickin and he had that shine
Put 2 and 2 together and a little bad weather
Gon' be your whole family on that funeral line
Asked the reverend was the strip clubs cool
If my tips helped send a pretty girl through school
That's all I want, like winos want they good whiskey
I ain't in the Klan but I brought my hood with me

Can I talk my shit again?
Can I talk my shit again?!
I can't believe I'm back up in this muh'fucker
I'mma be late though
I gotta figure out what I'm finna wear
Yeah... the Roc is definitely in the building
GOOD Music's definitely in the building
I gotta say what's up to Tony Williams
On the vocals sings, he sings quite beautifully
Don't you agree? Don't you agree?
Uhh, and Jon Brion on the keys right now
And Warren Campbell on the keys right now
So they ask me - why you call it Late Registration 'Ye?
Cause we takin these muh'fuckers back to school
If you know this part right here, feel free to sing along

I know it's past visiting hours
But can I please give her these flowers?
The doctor don't wanna take procedures
He claim her heart can't take the anaesthesia
It'll send her body into a seizure
That lil' thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beepin
Hey chick, I'm at a loss for words
What do you say at this time? Remember when I was 9?
Tell her everything gon' be fine, but I be lyin'
Her family cryin', they want her to live, and she tryin'
I'm arguin like what kind of doctor can we fly in
You know the best medicine go to people that's paid
If Magic Johnson got a cure for AIDS
And all the broke motherfuckers passed away
You telling me if my grandma's in the NBA
Right now she'd be okay? But since she
Was just a secretary, worked for the church for 35 years
Things 'sposed to stop right here
My grandfather tryin to pull it together, he's strong
That's where I get my confidence from
I asked the nurse "Did you do the research?"
She asked me, "Can you sign some t-shirts?"
Bitch, is you smokin reefer?
You don't see that we hurt? But still

They outside of the emergency room, room
You can feel my heartbeat, beat, beat
If she gon' pull through, we gon' find out soon
But right now she asleep, sleep, sleep
My momma say they say she could pass away any day
Hey chick, what these doctors know anyway?
Let me see the X-rays, I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt
Cousin Kim took off of work
Plus my Aunt Shirley, Aunt Beverly, Aunt Clay and Aunt Jean
So many Aunties we could have an Auntie Team
Feel like Amerie, it's just "One Thing"
When they said that she made it you see they eyes gleam
I think we at a all-time high
To get there, we run, we fly, we drive
Cause with my family we know where home is
And so instead of sending flowers, we're the roses

I'mma get on this TV, mama
I'mma, I'mma put shit down
I'mma make sure these light-skinned niggas
Never, ever, never come back in style
Told 'em I finished school and I started my own business
They say "Oh you graduated?" No, I decided I was finished
Chasing y'all dreams and what you've got planned
Now I spit it so hot, you got tanned
Back to school and I hate it there, I hate it there
Everything I want, I gotta wait a year, I wait a year
This nigga graduated at the top of our class
I went to Cheesecake, he was a motherfucking waiter there

I got a Jones like Norah for your soror
Bring more of them girls I've seen in The Aurora
Tammy, Becky, and Laura, or a Shirley
I'm trying to hit it early, like I'm in a hurry
See, that's how dude became the young Pootie Tang: "tippy tow"
Roc-a-fella chain, yeah that's my rapper style
Rosary piece, yeah that's my Catholic style
Red and white One's, yeah that's my Kappa style
And I ain't even pledge
Crack my head on the steering wheel and I ain't even dead
If I could go through all that and still be breathing
Bitch bend over, I'm here for a reason

What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?
I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three
She's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us
She's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm her drugs
Just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious
She's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush
Time's of the essence, I need, you to be spontaneous
Roll up the doja, Henny and Coca-Cola
Then I'm co coming over cause it's never over

I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show
We get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blown
So I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go
Then I'll get the lotion, and do somethin' to me, when your thighs is exposed
There's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose
Not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose
I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed
Roll up the doja, Henny and Coca Cola
And I keep co coming over cause it's never over

Lift off, lift off, takin' my coat off
Showing my tattoos, I'm such a show off, huh
I feel the pain and then roll off
I got the whole city, they about to go off
How many niggas with me up and in the aisle?
How many people want to roll on me now?
Like you know na na na, you know me by now
Know me, know me by now

Dude! Fresh off the plane, Konnichiwa, bitches
Turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
Ask for it I did it, that asshole done did it
Talked it then he lived it, spit it then he shit it
I don't need writers, I might bounce ideas
But only I could come up with some shit like this
I done played the underdog my whole career
I've been a very good sport, haven't I, this year
They say "he going crazy and we seen this before"
But I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
And I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
Nigga please, how you gonna say I ain't no Lo-head
Cause my Dior got me more model head
I'm insulted, you should go 'head
And bow so hard until your knees hit your forehead
And the flow just hit code red
Top 5 MCs, you ain't gotta remind me
Top 5 MCs: you gotta rewind me
I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me
But my head's so big you can't sit behind me

And she claims she only with me for the currency
You cut me deep bitch, cut me like surgery
And I was too proud to admit that it was hurting me
I'd never do that to you, at least purposely
We breaking up again, we making up again
But we don't love no more, I guess we fucking then
Have you ever felt you ever want to kill her?
And you mix them emotions with tequila
And you mix that with a little bad advice
On one of them bad nights, y'all have a bad fight
And you talk about her family, her aunts and shit
And she say "Motherfucker your momma's a bitch."
You know, domestic drama and shit, all the attitude
I'd never hit a girl, but I'll shake the shit out of you
But I'mma be the bigger man
Big pimpin' like Jigga man
Oh I guess I figure it's

And my niggas said I shouldn't let it worry me
I need to focus on the girls we gettin' currently
But I been thinkin' and it got me back to sinkin'
And this relationship it even got me back to drinkin'
Now this Hennessy
It's gonna be the death of me
And I always thought that you having my child was our destiny
But I can't even vibe with you sexually
Cause every time that I'd try you would question me
Saying, "You fucking them girls, disrespecting me
You don't see how your lies is affecting me?
You don't see how our life was supposed to be?
And I never let a nigga get that close to me
And you ain't cracked up to what you were supposed to be
You always gone, you always be where them ho's will be."
And this the first time she ever spilled her soul to me

My friend showed me pictures of his kids
And all I could show him was pictures of my cribs
He said his daughter got a brand new report card
And all I got was a brand new sports car, oh

Dad cracked a joke, all the kids laughed
But I couldn't hear him all the way in first class
Chased the good life my whole life long
Look back on my life and my life gone
Where did I go wrong?

My god-sister getting married by the lake
But I couldn't figure out who I'd wanna take
Bad enough that I showed up late
I had to leave before they even cut the cake
Welcome to heartbreak

Driving around town looking for the best spot
For the drunk and hot girls
Up in the club look at here what we got
Some drunk and hot girls
Stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me
Stop talking 'bout your boyfriend since he is not me
Stop running up my tab cause these drinks is not free
You drunk and hot girl

I don't want to drop your friends off, I just want you
You drunk and hot girl
You want to sit down but we hit the drive-thru
You drunk and hot girl
Please don't fall asleep, baby, we almost back
Please don't throw up in the car, we almost crashed
Oh, now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that
You drunk and hot girl

Don't tell me, you sing, you about to get a deal
You drunk and hot girl
"Ah da da da da." That's how the fuck you sound
You drunk and hot girl, yeah
You only live once, do whatever you like
I thought I'd be with you for only one night
Now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life
That drunk and hot girl

Two words, Chi-town, South Side, worldwide
Cause I rep that 'til I fuckin' die
One neck two chains, one waist two gats
One wall twenty plaques, dues paid, gimme that
I am limelight, Blueprint five mics
Go Getters rhyme like, should've been signed twice
Most imitated, Grammy nominated
Hotel accommodated, cheerleader prom-dated
Barbershop playa-hated, mom-and-pop bootlegged it
Felt like it rained 'til the roof caved in
Two words, Chi-town raised me crazy
So I live by two words: "fuck you, pay me"
Screamin' "Jesus save me"
You know how the game be
I can't let 'em change me
Cause on judgment day, you gon' blame me
Look, God, it's the same me
And I basically know now
We get racially profiled
'Cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and ho'd down
Plus I got a whole city to hold down
From the bottom so the top's
The only place to go now

I told her to "drive over in your new whip, bring some friends you cool with
I'mma bring the Cool Whip,then I want you to strip
See you is my new chick,so we get our grind on
She be grabbing, calling me Biggie, like Shyne home
Man I swear she fine,homes,why she always lying though?
Telling me them diamonds, when she know they rhinestones
She got a light-skinned friend, look like Michael Jackson
Got a dark-skinned friend, look like Michael Jackson
I played Ready for the World,she was ready for some action
My dogg said, you ain't a freak, so you gotta prove my man wrong
I'mma play this Vandross, you gon' take your pants off
I'mma play this Gladys Knight,me and you, gon' get right

Tell me right now
You really wanna spend your whole life alone?
A little time out might do you good, might do us good
Before we be done for good
Cause I could make it good I could make it hood
I can make you come I can make you go
I can make you high I can make you fly
Make you touch the sky hey maybe so
All of the time
You be up in mine checking through my cell phone baby no
You wanna kill the vibe on another night
Here's another fight oh here we go

All of the time
You wanna complain about the nights alone
So now you're here with me
Show some gratitude leave the attitude way back at home
Yea you see em look
Baby let em look give us cold looks cause we look cold
Yea you heard about all the word of mouth
Don't worry about what we can't control
All the talk in the world lost in the world
Till you finally let that thing go
You wanna check in to the heartbreak hotel
But sorry we're closed

How we stop the Black Panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that? What Gil Scott was hearing
When our heroes or heroines got hooked on heroin
Crack raised the murder rate in D.C. and Maryland
We invested in that, it's like we got Merrill lynched
And we been hangin' from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we, cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it
Sell it, the fiends cop it, nowadays they can't tell if
That's that good shit, we ain't sure man
Put the CD on your tongue, yeah that's pure man

From the place where the father's gone, the mothers is hardly home
And the Madigan's lock us up in the Audy Home
How the Mexicans say, we just tryin to party holmes
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical
Arm & Hammer baking soda raised they own quota
Right when our soldiers, ran for the stove cause
Cause, dreams of being Hova
Went from bein a broke man to bein a dopeman
To bein the President, look there's hope man
This that inspiration for the Moes and the Folks man
Shorty come and see his momma straight overdosin
...and this is the soundtrack
This the type of music that you make when you 'round that

You can't buy this Superfly-ness, like a shine is
Your Highness is performing; look how long the line is
It's what happens when you make shit that's timeless
It's what happens, these rappers is the pioneers
What do it take to be a legend like Nas is?
That's so novice, I'm so polished
I got a right to be a lil bit snobbish
I did a lil bit of college
Semesters, it took two, like Rob Base
To let me figure out this wasn't my place
The beat's slow, 'til you listen to my pace
'Cause I be killing shit, but that's evident
And y'all feeling it, but I expected it
If it's classic, it's gon' last forever then
I'm everywhere you never been, and better than I ever been

'Bout the baddest girl I ever seen
Straight up out a movie scene
Who knew she was a drama queen
That'd turn my life to Stephen King's
Up late night like she on patrol
Checking everything like I'm on parole
I told her there's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go, oh

Just looking at your history
You're like the girl from Misery
She said she ain't take it to this degree
Well let's agree to disagree
Shorty kind of crazy but it turn me on
Keep it up enough to keep it going on
I told her there's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go, oh

Golly, more of that bullshit ice rap
I got to 'pologize to Mos and Kweli (probably)
But is it cool to rap about gold
If I told the world I copped it from Ghana and Mali? (Mali!)
First nigga with a Benz and a backpack
Ice chain, Carti lens, and a knapsack
Always said if I rapped I'd say somethin' significant
But now I'm rappin' 'bout money, hoes, and rims again
And it's still about the Benjamins
Big faced hundreds and whatever other synonyms
Strippers named Cinnamon
More chips than Pentium
What'cha gon' buy next? Whatever new trend it is
I'm tryin' to spend my stacks
And I'm so broke I look back like "Damn, was I on crack?"
I mean twelve platinum chains, was I on that?
What the hell was wrong with me dog?
Sing along with me y'all

Now even though I went to college and dropped out of school quick
I always had a Ph.D.: a Pretty Huge Dick
Ladies tired of gettin' ripped off by guys like this
And givin' head is like a whale that's usin' a toothpick
Well, I'm in the club for a limited time
Act now and get some action for $free.99
Later on I might charge for menage
Heard her man was the boss of the floss
But she still want to toss me the drawers
And it ain't gon' cost me because she my caddy
Cuz she grabbed my golf balls in the club
And I'm still actin' calm den-a-muhh
She asked "Can you drive me in the hundreds where my Altima was?"
While we drive she tellin' me 'bout problems with her man
Baby I fully understand
Let me help you with a plan
While he trickin' off, don't get no rich nigga
Give ME some head, that'll really piss him off

I blow past low class niggas with no cash
In the four dot six, bitch you can go ask
So when I go fast popo just laugh
Right until I run out of gas or 'til I go crash
Whatever comes first I'm prepared for the worst
Whatever comes second I'll be there with my weapon
Pullin' up in the Lexuses, one on both hand
So I guess them GSes was ambidextrous
Coulda sworn her breasteses was sendin' me messages
"K I need a free hand mammogram
I got weed, drink, and a Handicam
All of which is legal in Amsterdam"
So say my name like Candyman
And I'mma come and fix you up like the handyman
But if you don't need a fix, girl you gotta leave
You can't take that all at one time ya gotta breathe

Stop all your blood clot cryin', I was flyin'
Made it to school with barely 'nuff time to sign in
Yeah I hear the alarm, yeah I hear ya mom
Yeah yeah, I don't wan' be broke when I'm 31
They said the best classes go to the fastest
Sorry Mr. West there's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get
Not even electives? Not even pre-requits?
You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds?
Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin
With all the rest of the muh'fuckers underachievin'
Man, this is an insult
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow
If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Will I make it from the student loans to a Benzo?
Like old folks pissin, I guess it all depends, oh, oh
Stop your cryin baby

You know when you be late you miss all the lights
That's right (that's right) that's right (that's right)
And when you get back she gon' start up a fight
That night (that night) that night
Baby it's too late for that, lately I've been takin it slow
Try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close
With the freshest hoes, the professors know
We about to get real unprofessional
Like them eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike?
Or two dykes that look Christina Milian-like
Hm, I'll be on time for that
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that
Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later
I'll be there in five minutes, go 'head ride with it
I'm so live with it, look how I did it
Been bullshittin but I finally arrived with it
I know it's late and I took all year but
You can stop complainin cause I'm finally here, yeah

We gon' to Mass today, we have to pray
Besides what the pastor say, I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me
You see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, that's the way it is
Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids
But they gon' have to take my life 'fore they take my drive
Cause when I was barely livin', that's what kept me alive
Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time
Make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind
And get some leeway on the he say she say
Your girl don't like me, how long has she been gay?
Spanish girls say "Yo, no hablo inglés"
And everybody want to run to me for their single
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dawg, if I was you, I wouldn't feel myself
Dawg, if I was you, I'd kill myself
Made a mil' myself and I'm still myself
And I'mma look in the mirror if I need some help
Now I'll speak from the heart, y'all all frontin'
Everybody feel a way about K but at least y'all feel something

Such an easy morning, we on a ride
And I'm feeling smooth as the way the Benz drive
Turn the radio down if they playing that bullshit
They don't want black people to think and drive

I mean, my whole team 'bout to smash the streets
The Phillip Lim remind them that it's Fashion Week
And the weather wasn't barely hot
Did I mention that the sweater was a Jeremy Scott?
Did I mention G.O.O.D. Music and forever we hot
Motherfucker, are you ready or not?

Merry Christmas to all, and all a good night
Huh, now we all livin' the good life
Yeah, though it's forty below the wind chill
And we wipin' snow up off the windshield
It's still, wonderful night to be alive, baby
And I'm, so happy I'm with my baby
And we a little late with the Christmas gifts
Rushin' for the mall, don't trip, you know I drive crazy
The streets lit up, it feel like Christmas officially
Told her that “You the star at the top of my Christmas tree”
My only question is, “Where my presents?”
She said, “Shhh,” she got a gift for me that ain't for the kids to see
Well, I like the way you think, mami
Now pour some more eggnog in you drink, mami
You've been a bad girl, give Santa three kisses
Gave her the hot chocolate, she said “It's Dee-ricious”

Why you actin' all
Shy and all
Why is y'all
Lyin' for?
"I never did this before..."
Stop that
What, you want some Patron?
I got that
I mean I promise y'all
You fine and all
And your girlfriend, she kinda raw
But she not like you
No, she not like you
Right now I need you to mute all the monologue
All that talking is gon' give me a Tylenol
You put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of y'all
Right now the Louis Vuitton don is signing off

See you know my style
I'm very wild
And I vow that my child will be well endowed
Like his daddy
And tell him that your mama had a fattie
He looked up at me said, "daddy that's the reason why you had me?"
Yep, we was praticing
Til one day your ass bust through the packaging
You know what though? You my favorite accident
So go head pop some Cristal
For my newborn child cuz now y'all

Right now I can see it so vivid
Like it was just yesterday like I could relive it
Me and my grandparents on a field trip
And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits
But it'll fade before I get to get a hold of that
Man I wish I could stop time like a photograph
Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh
Man (man), I wouldn't let a moment pass
What do it mean when you dream that you fallin'
What do it mean when you dream that you ballin'
What do it mean when you never dream at all then
And you don't really know cause you can't recall them
It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to
People you never got a chance to say bye to
Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams
Into real life (real life), if you try to
So close (so close), but so far (so far)
And so far (so far), no cigar (no cigar)
We can't dwell on the past all we got is today
So I'mma live like it's no tomorrow
No goodbyes

Her heels set the mood
Where did you acquire those Alaia's
When I met you I heard Jesus, bells, strings, and the choir
I got lines that's better than niggas' albums, plural
The king of the urban make your shit sound rural
She said I hit it so deep she need a epidural
Them other niggas have you looking like a squirrel
Now that nuts. I only hang with white boys that like black sluts
Tell them Plain Pat yo that track sucks
We ain't dissing you
But you in the position to play something for us to listen to
I'm trying to worry about my scratch minus the crabs
I ain't stopping for you niggas like yellow cabs
I got scripts so why we need a movie?
And if I'm a douche then put me in your coochie
I swear they should have never gave these niggas loose leaf
And excuse me if I'm trapped by the boobies, booby trapped

They try to tell me my chain broke the levee
Maybe cause it's flooded
Why you walk around with a baby cross's cousin?
My teeth already white, y'all gon' make me floss for nothing
My teeth real diamonds, what's the cause of the fronting?
Why y'all got all caps on?
Don Cheadle time, get extra black on 'em
Burn, Hollywood, burn!
Take too long for niggas to get they turn
Probably be cremated before I get my earn
They try to tell me that aliens built the Pyramids
I swear life's a bitch, on a period
For every inch they cut the nose off the Sphinx
I make my jeweler add a few more links
You can look at me tell I don't give a fuck what nobody think
And my face always looking like somebody stinks

Question: what color was the skin of the man who beared the cross?
No matter how many lashes, they couldn't beat it off
How many Cassius will we see in one lifetime?
That's why it's Miles Davis, Kobe, it's Mike time
I keep that GOAT book on the ottoman
And wrote hooks about slaves that was slaughtered in the 1800s
Y'all forget that I got called "nigga"
On Twitter so many times, yo, I lived that
Now I'm just tryna find where to raise my kids at
Cause they don't want niggas next to where they crib at
Hey realtor, I'm lookin' for a nice park
Twelve noon, she said my family gon' make it too dark
This is the flow that solar eclipses
So hopefully one day that real soul will eclipse
The bullshit they got us listening to in this existence
Don't give up now just a little more persistence
I am the day Ice Cube met Michael Jackson
Keep him away, huh? Something might happen
This is the making of a masterpiece
So we broke out the chains and told the master "Peace!"

I sold my soul to the devil: that's a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a Happy Meal
This game you could never win
Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me misery
Get away from me lonliness
Get away from me fake bitches, I can't take the phoniness
Get away from me wack tracks
I can only make only hits
I'm an only child lost in the World
Where do the lonely kids go when the bell ring?
It's feeling like Hell rings
Bringing me back down
Checking my background
Its ironic whats happening
Imagine if I didn't have the ends
I would'nt have so many imaginary friends
I'm spaced out Dogg, I be on that moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moonwalk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophmore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And we ain't finna change, so we'll never agree again
Till then I'll be pouring out my soul
Just a few things I see with my eyes closed

I sold my soul to the devil
I know its a crappy deal
At least it came with a few toys
Like a Happy Meal
I'm spaced out dog
I be on that moontalk
I wonder if God asked Mike how to Moonwalk?
You know the entertainment Angels
Adriana for Giselle
Let's exchange Angels
Photoshoot at my crib
Lets exchange angles
Rockin nothin but them Tom Binns bangles
My heart so anxious, gettin' anxiety
Begging one of these fuckin fashion houses to hire me
They say I've been an asshole
I said if you acquire me
I can be a quiet me, call it verbal dieting
Give me your herbal chai tea
I'll be calm as Tai Chi
With a bad white bitch like Ice-T
I'm not right dog, I'm slightly off
I'm paranoid; like bonin' raw dog
And wakin up with a slight cough
Yea, that'll make ya dick quite soft
Plus my neck hurt too lemme take all this ice off
Never meant to hurt you, I should've had nights off
But it cost too much to live and I never took the price off

Don't let me hold you back, I only hold you back
We're on a dead-end street, this block has got a cul-de-sac
So fly baby, my baby so high
Sometimes it's so hard to say bye
We made it from the alley straight up to the valley
We pulled up at the valet, we'll teach our daughter ballet
We'll raise us a Beyonce, maybe she'll be a Halle
You would've been the best mom, I would have been the best 'Ye
You see it all in my veins, like varicose
I know that's very gross but we getting very close
To our end, though I killed most with a pen
Soon as this flow end, I'mma let Mos begin

You know what? I figured out I'm not a nice guy
I shook hands, kissed babies, gave it a nice try
You know what? I hate pictures of other people's kids
I hate plastic couches in other people's cribs
I hate when other people's cribs smell like shit
I hate when I leave and smell like the crib
What's the cause of the poor smell?
She said "I just cleaned up"
Baby I can't tell
Why every ghetto bitch gotta smell like Love Spell?
Or that god damn cucumber Bath and Body Works
I can still smell the sweat the shit hardly works
What about Cool Water? That shit probably worse
This here a classic like the Lodi Dodi verse
And my man probably hollered at the hottie first
I score, he took the charge
Oooh, that shit gotta hurt

It's the nigga they love to hate
But all the bad model bitches they love to date
You need to check my swag and get up to date
Check, check my swag and get up to date
We in the bathroom now, she get her back blew out
She can't clean but I bet she got a vacuum mouth
And I bet I'm going to sweat her Vidal Sassoon out
Her pen busted, goddamn, who brought the raccoon out?
For the team

He walked in our lives I was only five
Superman pajamas I was super duper fly
Sittin there like why? He at least Hooper-Size
You know I scrutinize, like, "Who this newer guy?"
I'm my mama boyfriend, I'm her little husband
I was the man of the house when it wasn't
Tryna get to know me, homie? Just kill the charm
You ain't interested in me, you just tryning to fuck my mom
We all the voices of our parents' bad choices
The aftermath of divorces, the kids of bitter split-ups
And babysitters and grandparents don't know what do to with us
And the last thing I want to see is mama's new nigga
You old Old Spice wearing, short chain wearing
Dress shoes and jogging pants wearing, church sock wearing
When you first stop caring about your appearance?
When you get here anyway? I already got parents
Don't try to put me in line, I already got crayons
My mama said I could do it, I already got clearance
Keep your hands off my mama how Anita got Clarence
Y'all I know she look good but you need to stop staring
I drew a picture of her that'd make her proud
But the door was locked and the TV up so loud
I screamed out, "I ain't going to sleep no time soon!
And when I do, I'm sleeping in my mama's room!"

Twenty years later where has the time gone
Now you see I'm dating, having problems of my own
Now that I'm grown the tables turned around
I never thought I'd ever raise another nigga's child
He don't like his mama's boyfriend just like me
Don't wanna do the wrong thing, that's very un-Spike Lee
But he be like D Bo round his mama, there
Cause when she here, he be quiet when she leave, he be talking again
He be wilding out, be calm
I don't drink the drama or sip the Dom-Tyler-Perry-on
"You gonna marry my mom?" Look, I don't read palms
And I don't read Psalms but I did take little man to church
Took little man to school
Look, little man, kids don't make the rules
Even though I ain't raised you, you your mama's angel
Don't get it twisted, baby boy, I'll Ving Rhames you

There must be more good women than men percentage wise
So her chance of having a husband just minimized
That's why a lot of girls claim they ain't into guys
And mess with other girls part time to improvise
I knew she wasn't bi
No I seen it in her eyes
But I'm like any other guy trying to get in her thighs
She telling me about how black people should enterprise
And I'm like, if you don't get your ass in this ride from Enterprise
That I rented yesterday and gotta have in by 5
With the gas fully filled up like I didn't drive
Told her I had a girl, nah fuck it I didn't lie
Told her this rap game is alright. I'm just getting by
She had a lil' weed and would get a lil' high
And I'm looking in her eyes and I'm loving her vibe
Told me back in 95' she fell in love with the Tribe
Boo, back in 92', I was just like you
Please don't be confused by the ice and jewels
I'm like any other nigga, buy ice to stay cool
Like any other nigga that claim they hate school
And think yeah Free's banging but she's no Rachel

Was it something I did wrong?
Yeah I know I'm wrong
She's at home alone and I'm always gone
Hate it when she mad but more when she passive
Now she on the internet looking for classes
Out of state though, man that hurt, yo
But I got work though, and I'm at work, yo
And she don't call a lot
And when she do she pouring out her heart
You never listen to me then the call drop... hmmm
And I promised her everything
Told her when I get a deal I'll get her a wedding ring
But when I got my deal I was back in the ring
Fighting my urges, strip club splurges
Never had money so I felt like a virgin
And I'm trying to break the bank's cherry
Tryin' to see can I afford Canaries
With a Ferrari and a dinner date with Halle Berry
Went from fifty g's to fifteen hundred in a week
No I'm trying to call..one ring...two rings...seven rings...eight rings
Her mother picked up the phone
Like she in school and she don't stay here no more
I guess there's more good women than men percentage wise
So her chance of having a husband just minimize
I guess that's why she says she ain't into guys
And focus on school full-time to improvise

Somebody told me that Delta's brownskinned, AKAs' lightskinned
And they supposed to be bougie, so they got white friends
First day of school, I'mma take you sight seein'
Show you what we do on weekends for excitement
She said, "I know what you about to say, like your hypeman"
Last year a nigga hit her, and now she only date white men
And if a nigga even wave at her, it's frightnin' but

Roll some, think I'll roll some
To know some, if we both honest
Who lasts? yeah, you lie
Spent the whole summer
Tryna be at the wrong place at the right time
But I know what's mine when I see it
I know, I know, I know when I see it
Riding down the 405, baby
Pacing, thinking, to myself
If I should make it right
When I pulled up to the light
And then my phone started ringing
Diamonds in the colors of those eyes
Don't know why, but I know a sign when I see it

Yeezy, Ne-yo, the remix ayo
I think it's time to hit 'em with the Mase flow
My uh she was gettin the best of me
But oooh child you my destiny, and I know it's especially
Hard with all these girls just testing me
Uh and you gon' question me
If she even stand next to me but you should laugh
Cause you my better half (woman laughing)
And these girls just fighting over the rest of me
Right now it feels so crazy, I know she just some lady
And my outfit is just so 80's
Not to mention McLaren Mercedes
And the 26 inch rim wheels looks so good with your 6-inch heels
Fly that you be on
Gucci on, aligned by Louie Vuitton
And we high as the way we cruising on
High like I like mercury
Why do I mention the solar system?
Cause, you in my soul and system
And we gon' take her home with this one
I got something that you gon' like
You got something that I can't fight
We got something that we both gon' like

My homie called me like what up man
Not from Florida but what up fam
It's been a whole lot of hatin' again
And if they hatin' on me damn what up then
I met this girl when I was 3 years old
And what I loved most she had so much soul
She said "Excuse me little homey, I know you don't know me
But, my name is Windy and I like to blow trees"
And from that point I never blow her off
Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off
They like to act tough, she like to tow 'em off
And make 'em straighten up they hat cause she know they soft
And when I grew up she showed me how to go downtown
In the nighttime her face lit up, so astoundin'
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
She never messed with entertainers cause they always leave
She said it felt like they walked and drove on me
Knew I was gang affiliated, got on TV and told on me
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
She said "'Ye, keep making that platinum and gold for me!"
But if you really cared for her
Then you would have never hit the airport and followed your dreams
Sometimes I still talk to her
But when I talk to her it always seem like she talkin bout me
She said you left ya kids and they just like you
They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you
But they just not you
And I just got through
Talkin bout what niggas tryin to do just not new
Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got till is gone
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
And guess when I heard that when I was back home
In the interviews I'm representin you makin you proud
Shoot for the stars so if you fall you land on the clouds
Jump in the crowds
Spark ya lighters and wave 'em around
If you don't know by now I'm talkin about Chi-town

Get you a cute chick, face got potential
Working with her little hips, waist like a pencil
Know how niggas play you, but you know how 'Ye do
Says she love Beyonce, let me upgrade you
Spanish chick grab my chain, says "is that He-Su's?"
If I'm unfaithful, blame it on the Grey Goose
All my friends says implants is a selfish gift, they all up in
She ain't pregnant but about to have twins
Now, is it real love, I need to ask Cupid
She real smart but her ass stupid
And she gon' finish school and get all type of degrees
But I bet she never had them D's...

Walking down Melrose, spot where they sell clothes
That chick know she bad, tell by the Chloe bag
She ain't no hoodrat, she ain't gotta prove that
I peep the McCartney's, Stella got her groove back
Hold on, lemme ask you, why you spend your money on that shallow shit?
Why don't you buy some bigger tits?
Something that'll last you
I couldn't tell you if Halle's really real
But I'ma let you know soon as I get a chance to feel
I don't need no hands to know Lindsey Lohan
She on the same program as Britney, is you wit' me?
That's why I respect Alicia Keys
She say f**k getting them D's
I'ma just ride out with these

They call me Edward Scissorhands cause I'm trying to cut
She claim she got cramps, I'm gone get you to suck
And you not gonna use your teeth you hear
You gon find out What Lies Beneath right here
The Preachers Wife
Don't give head, get a divorce man
The kids been calling you the headless horseman
Like Sleepy Hollow see she swallow
Suck like ol girl got booed at Apollo
13 Ghosts use my Hollow Man for Friday 13th
You be Ghost, Backdraft from the toast
Niggas who drop names is, oh so shameless
Get a chain that's stainless, they Almost Famous
My bling got em calling me, Lord Of The Rings
The Shining make it hard for her to Do The Right Thing
But I Dont Say a Word, I'll never tell
Until you get a Kanye beat, you'll never sell

Shit's deeper, than The Sleepers
Jeeper Creep-up on your block and cops Clock-us
Try to Baller Block-us, use Absolute Power
You gave him 9 1/2 Weeks
Why you trying to Rush Hours, huh
And in The Cell don't drop soap in the showers, huh
They try to give me Life, I'm out in an hour, huh
Back on the block with more Juice than Pac
Makin Mo' Money cause of The, The, The, The Roc

Aye...B, C, D, E, F
We picking up right where we left...
Off, and I took a recess
When I get back you gon' take that...
Off, in the mirror like hey me, stay me
I make money, money don't make me
Hey honey, what do you take me...
For, don't look at me like I'm crazy
Don't ever think that'd phase me
You ain't finna do nothing, you ain't crazy
You ain't built like, that
Hey baby what it feel like, ahhh
Just forget I said it, screw it
It don't really matter what you do when you do it
Tony Williams in this bitch, who you is

I'm feeling like Stevie right now, you know…
I had the strangest feeling lately
The nigga's so fake I'm off it
And every time they flake like frosted
I just make my profit
And get a girl who barely bra fit
Aw shit! He back on his feet like carpet
He was just playing possum
Playing like I wasn't awesome?
Yeah I got some jokes, don't I?
Ha ha ha, laugh it up
And they'll be wack
And we'll be the last ones cracking up
Matter fact, because you nigga wanna doubt me?
Let's see how it feel without me
Taking off on this rocket, Yao Ming

I don't wanna hear that bull shit, I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit that's so impossible to get it (it's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)

Get it, roll the weed up and, lit it
Smoke a little but don't, admit it
Do it like I did too late, I did it
The controversy can't worse me man; I'm eating but I'm still thirsty and
Thirsty what is you saying
I gotta a duel with a couple niggas that's Thursday man
Why the hell is I'm worrying, hopping out the Benz with the perfect 10
"Man your life must be perfect man, look at how they came up with the perfect plan"
It's impossible
Got strip clubs playin gosspital
Girl so sick in the hospital
You know I jumped out like 'Pac'll do
You know you throw your diamonds when I rock with you
Since Michael Jackson made "Rock With You"
I done did shit on logical
Maybe cause we did the impossible
Maybe we done did the impossible

I wish all wack niggas'd get out the game
You can't con me that's half my name
And if you had any brains
You wouldn't wanna lose half your brain
By hating on players in the game
Wack nigga, the beat go “duh duh da”
And then yo flow go way the fuck off
I kill ya'll niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips
But I'm not trying to cause commotion
And have my niggas bring all the toast in
I just want your girl to rub my balls with lotion
Cuz you got madder if ya (?)
But you came at me like “Yo
I got the Kia with the woodgrain"
Yeah you would, lame
“On the real, in the street I got the good name
I got the TV –“
Yeah that's good man

Ah, Yeezy Yeezy how you do it huh
It's my birthday, I deserve to be greedy huh
She holding out, she ain't giving to the needy huh
You go downstairs and fall asleep with the TV on
Ya'll been together ten years, you deserve a ménage
Especially if you put that BMW in the garage
Especially if you paid a couple payments on her Mamma crib
Went to her niece's graduation, man I hate those kids
Last birthday she got you a new sweater
Put it on, give her a kiss, and tell her do better
She said how bout I get you jewelry from the West End
How bout she hit the Westin and get her best friend
I'm joking, I'm just serious, I asked her
Don't be acting like no actress, if we preaching then we practice
Don't be reaching, don't be touching shit
We in Kanye West's Benz
Cause I will turn you back to a pedestrian

Uh, Uh
Lets take it back to basics
When shit gets worse we converse
How we need a New Balance before the lines get crossed like Asics
Just look at what we got, if we don't shoot the Reeboks
This is a beat that no flow can detox
So the respect is due like my Louie back
I don't wanna have to check you
I'm as Chi as buck-fifty's and Pelle Pelle Leathers
Some say, my beats made the Bulls play better
I say, black on black is the hate that hate made
Sara Lee with the dough I'm talkin' bout the cake maid
McDonalds with the flow, served over over a billion
You've seen the video, words over the building
Uh, I wish I could give you this feeling, I wish I could give you this feeling
And when The Workout Plan ain't work out man
Me and Common is back on the corners again
On the corner

Yo mad niggas got dreams of the Lexus and coupes
Got their signin' bonus and bought TECs for the video shoot
Ayo them shits backfired before the cameraman arrived, he died
For his image, now let's start the scrimmage
In the first quarter, I sacked 25 MCs
By halftime you still got rhymes but they are diseased
They infected with 75 seconds of life left
I cremate MCs and breathe they ashes in my life's breath
In a life or death situation
I come through with the Chi representation
And bleed you pussies every month like ovulation
The sensation'll shine through your mind
Take it line for line

Look, I feel bad about the fact that you gotta creep with me
When your man be around, you don't speak to me
When my girl be around, I see you peepin' me
When they both ain't around, you be freakin' me
We used to do it secretly, now you all talk
You tellin' everybody like you wanna get caught
I think my girl catchin' on cause my story keep changin' up
You gotta stop callin' up my crib and hangin' up
Truthfully, if you tellin' people that you doin' me
Then you tellin' me that you don't even wanna screw with me
And that's a shame, I can't even do my thing
You get dick and you go temporarily insane
You think it's a game, but I don't wanna play no more
You wanna stay, but you can't stay no more
You wanna be with K, but that ain't okay no more
You got somethin' to say, but you ain't gotta say no more

It seem like fine hoes is hard to find mostly
The type of girls that give you their whereabouts supposedly
And when you check, they ain't never where they're supposed to be
I learned my lesson, now I only fuck hoes thats close to me
Don't get me wrong you still gotta live close to me
This ain't a song I made for ugly hoes to start approachin' me
You know how this go, I diss hoes
I'm very mean now, my Roley face green now, I bring your self esteem down

Hello, you there?
Yeah, I'm here
You breaking up, I can barely hear you
Naw, you clear
You cool? you mad?
You talk? bad
You up? You been good?
Naw I been bad
What you mean, you been bad?
Baby girl you know I got bad nerves
Got me cursing with the kids in the car
"Mommy, daddy using bad words!"
No more tripping while you at work
No more texting while I'm at church
No more switching up the password
That's the shit that get your ass hurt

Folks all up in our business
Yeezy Season, I'm trending
I bet you they respect the name now
So are we done or we finished?
Cause no matter what anybody say
We been through shit you can't make up
And at the end of the night bae
We'll be back in bed like we famous

Me and Guwop, makin' super moves
Makin' stupid cash, stack it through the roof
You don't fuck with me? The feelin' mutual
I'd feel the same if I drove that Subaru
We hit the city, the old me goin' OC
How a friend only gonna watch that, it's so weak
Seven times in a row, I could go the whole week
I could take you from the nosebleeds to the floor seats
But I need that, in the sauna
In the bathroom, at your mama's
Like a porn star, I'm a monster
You a dancer, on the camera
In the G-string, girl I want you
At the concert, at the condo
In my bedroom, in the guestroom
In the restroom, fuck it, every room
Tryna see that....

Sister don't let your guard down
You know there's more out there waiting for you
Hell naw, no, sister don't let your guard down
You've come way, way too far now
Lesson learned, lesson learned
Lessons learned, lessons learned, lessons learned
May your future last long, past, present
Faith, love, hold on to heaven
One hand up, hold onto heaven
God bless us with every second on earth
Same as the legend was told
To my ears at 5 years old
Sister don't let your guard down
You've got too much shit goin' on yeah
But I know you've been workin' through all that
Know you, I know you've been goin' through it your whole life
And I say, brother don't let your guards down
Parties are starting right now
Know you've been workin' that body all night
But it's 3am and we bout to go up again
It's 3 am and we're just starting again
It's 3 am and we're just starting again
Sister don't let your guard down
I know you've been working hard now
Brother don't let your guard down
Nah, nah, nah
And the fight not over, the fight just beginning
The lies get exposed, soon as you win it
The devil is smiling
The guy keeps on sinning
Don't let them take over the heart of then, no
Sister don't let your guard down
It's 'bout to get hard now
And brother don't let your love go
Support her in the best way you know how
Love on your woman, stand by your brother
Hold on to your loved ones
I know we've all lost some
Pray before rain falls, the devils are coming
They don't share the love but they're up to something
(I know it, I know that they're up to something
I know, I know it, that they're up to something)
So, sister don't let your guard down
Shit's about to get hard now
Brother don't let them on now
Protect them the best way you know how
(The best way that you know
The best way that you know, the best way that you know how)
Brother (Protect her the best way that you know
The best way that you know, he best way that you know how)

Yo, yo, yo
I use your face as a urinal
Then do the same at your funeral
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
This one here for the executives
Fuck you and all your relatives
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, piss on your grave
Piss on your grave, piss on your grave, nigga behave
Nigga behave, nigga behave

Piss in your grave, piss in your grave
Turn this up teacher, play this in the third grade
In the third grade
Can't hide from the truth, yeah we're 'bout to go ape
We 'bout to go ape, these streets is not safe
These niggas ain't playing
These niggas ain't playing
These niggas ain't playing
This for my fam
This for the fam, do this for the fam
Hop outta the lamb, hop onto the gram
What the fuck was you saying?
Piss in your grave, piss in your grave
Piss in your grave, I'll piss in your face
I'll piss on your bitch, I'll piss on your date
Fuck is you saying?
Fuck is you saying?
Fuck is you saying?
Me and La Flame
Is you not entertained?

More power to you, more power to you my lovely one
More power to you, more power to you my lonely one
More power to you, more power to you my lovely one
What's up bruh? That all depends
With friends like you, who need friends
Sometimes the best advice is no advice
Especially when it's your advice
Oh! Man, remember
Your man was on stage dressed like a family member
Man everything basic to Ye Guevara
That means Saint Laurent is my Zara
I remember Rochelle ain't wanna fuck me with the polo
Ay bitch you missed out, #fomo
I got one child, one child
But I'm fuckin', fuckin', fuckin' like I'm tryna make four more
They wanna throw me under a white jail
Cause I'm a black man with confidence of a white male
Hallelujah

Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin
But I feel like Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen at my weddin
They say I'm crazy, but that's the best thing goin for me
You can't Lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin to me
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em
I believe you like a fat trainer takin a bite or somethin
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac, he asked me "Are you still down?"
Yeah my nigga, it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on
I know they tell they white daughters "Don't bring home Jerome"
I am the free nigga archetype, I am the light and the beacon
You can ask the deacon
It's funny, when you get extra money
Every joke you tell just be extra funny
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine bathroom break, nose extra runny
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me
Oxford want a full-blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, errr, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck, hold up
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin at a Autobahn speed-level
Had a drink with fear, and I was textin God
He said "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard"

That's that don't play, whoo, that's that new Ye
People sayin' I'm the closest thing to Mike since Janet, whoo
Tom Cruise, homie, we jumpin' up on them couches
That's a fresh house, is that a guest house
Your house got another house
Your bitch got a bitch, your spouse got another spouse
Young Walt Disney, I'ma tell you truthfully
If you leave Mickey you gon' end up with a Goofy
I imagine that's what Chris told Karrueche
Girls be actin' like it's diamonds in they coochie
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
But cops chokin' niggas out in the media
We finna have to protest and tear the city up
We bout to tear this whole place up pretty much
(How much I live)

Everything she was doin' was cool, but it ain't Ralph though
Might have gave me head in the pool, that ain't your mouth though
Might have caught you clappin' every Sunday at church
You still ratchet cause they play your favorite song and you twerk
Designer purse on your arm, 'bout the size of a duffle bag
And them brand new titties cost a couple racks
Feelin' on a girl's ass with a troubled past
Chainsmokin' every day, at least a couple packs
You know I always hit you deeper than a baritone
Bone you with my jewelry on, that's a herringbone
Hotter than Arizon', fresher than aerosol
These condom rappin' ass niggas wasn't ever raw
It's aiight, but it ain't Ralph though
And unless you're money-talkin' keep your mouth closed
We smokin' indo outdoor, in Palo Alto
If this party ain't got hoes, my intro's my outro

Woo! You will never need another lover
Woo! Cause you a milf and I'm a motherfucker
Told you give the drummer some, now the drummer cummin'
I'm pa rum pa pum pumin' all on your stomach
Yeah, tonight I see some super freaky hoes
That could go from bein' stripper to a super CEO
I don't know the way you do it, but you do it to me though
And you always told your girlfriends you need you a TV show
Now you got your own money, you don't need nobody else
But far as handlin' all that ass, I think you gon' need some help
Let me remind you, you got a, you got a great future behind you
You gotta tell me what we tryna do
I ain't no pastor, don't do missionary
I know good pussy when I see it, I'm a visionary
I know them haters talkin', always had us very wary
Yup! On the 35th of Nevuary
Yup! You love the way I'm turnt
After all the money you earned, still show daddy what you learned
That cowgirl, you reverse that cowgirl
You reverse, you reverse, and I impregnated your mouth, girl, ooooh
That's when I knew you could be my spouse, girl
We fuckin' all over the house, girl, we just messed up a brand new couch, girl
You ain't on site then you on Skype
I put you on that bike, you bound, girl
We too wild, won't turn down
We drunk in love, fuck them

I would like to welcome you to the world of
Fake bitches no love, what the fuck you take me for
Show love, I hate haters in the club
You must not really know where I come from
Exactly where my heart or you would never never NEVER
UGH, where do I start? people ask me shit about Illuminati
First off, fuck that mean?!
He loved Jesus when he he he was worse off
Oh I see, when they, think a nigga is, stupid rich
People just start coming up with stupid shit
Man shit I could never predict
Hold up, let me hit you with this
Rolling in a Bugatti with fo' chains is some foolishness
Yea yea yea, that'd be the shit
They'd rather see a nigga locked up, why? for stupid shit
Look how they did my nigga Tip
Soon as Wayne get out, Tip go in
Wonder why the nigga wanna make the clip go in
Wonder why it so hard when it get going
Hold ya head my niggas the system is
Made to make niggas fall
Made to make niggas fail
Especially if you ball
They don't take niggas well
Nah, you can't come through flying in a, in a Bentley shining
I'm in the back
Backseat driving screaming on a nigga like I'm actually driving

This is the moment, grab your Kodak
While I'm flying with a flow that is
The greatest throwback since that Nolan Ryan
And the days been crazy and the nights even wilder
And the lights even brighter, baby stand next to my fire
Only higher is Messiah or notes from Mariah
'rari six hundred horses, that's my chariot of fire?
Where we flying, they can't find us all them broke days behind us
I just took your whole life and redesigned it
I think I'm Marc Jacobs, I think I'm Lagerfeld
I think without makeup, you still bad as hell
I'mma grab your waist then, I'mma grab your face and
Then I'mma taste it, then I'mma blaze it
Hello all my bad girls, this just in Yeezy hurt the beat
Like he fucked her best friend and she let him back in
And he just did it again, He crazy, he blazin, he off the deep end
I'm blazin', I'm flagrant, I'm crazy I'm saying
Too much for the World so they abbreviate him
His past is her fav, his stats is amaze
Her dress is just per' uhh
Prada coloured beige
It obvi' we the ishh and I'm rolling with my Brits
So real you so trill. baby everything legit
How you feel, they say we crazed cause our styles so diff'
They'll be jeal' when we in the mag looking magnif'
As if I ain't used Magnums on your favourite bad bitch
Fuck these background niggas I was tryna ad-lib
Add this, we blazin'
Nicki what you think, I got two White Russians but we also need some drinks

Yeah, Okay
Ey, Hey yo, Poppin willy shit
Lets see who really rich
Ya'll ride the beat
I'mma bout to pop a wheelie bitch
Really This, I came up with on some silly shit
Look how good it is
I'll show you who you dealin with
Ya'll illy, Im Illa, Im from Illinois
The Big Sean, why dont you call yo Chi Town boys
Show me where they at
I will destroy
Im bout to fuck somethin up
I might as well call the lawyer
Good music run this bitch
Yes we do
I know you thinkin "damn I wish Ye would bless me too"
In the booth I use the restroom
Its best you, Go ahead and kiss the jesus piece Cuz I just blessed you
Uhh, And holy water odds against Ye
Its slaughter ever since I opened up that midnight merrauder?
Now its gon be a problem like a brand new installment from the late great Mr. Christohper Wallace
They call us pompus
Can I be honest? Honestly, Modesty wouldn't ever end my policy
Apology accepted, you ain't say it? Shoulda said it
As soon as I did, all the Bullshit was deaded
Get it?

Living life like there's no damn rules
Tonight I'm finna hop up in that hotel pool
Grab your hand, white dress, you gon' hop in too
Get everything that bein' at the top includes
What's your friend's attitude, why she so damn rude? huh?
Tell her smile for a change
If a baller come around, she gone smile for the change
I know they type, I know the life
I know you're living your life for the night, another night
Ask the city what they got for us
That mean it wasn't even poppin' if it not for us
Then isn't isn't this all that I said it'd be
I want the best for you, but want better for me, ugh
I paid the price of fame, icy chain
Stack my money tall, height advantage

When I fight and you fight, we don't fight fair
So I guess I'll see you in my nightmares
Just remember I made you like my Nike Air
Ye-Yeezys, please be easy
To kill the animosity that's in the air
I'll touch every curve of your body like a Herve Leger
And this wasn't no ordinary love
Our sex wasn't ordinary drugs
It's that crack, that crystal meth
I mean it gets so wet, I had to go in depth
I mean the bitch so fresh I had to go in debt
Ru-running my credit card 'til there's no more left
Uh but that's cool, you wife and I'll be groom
I thought I had a sign a Seal like Heidi Klum
Like Jay and B
Like Chris and Ri
But this Christmas you'll be missing me

Now once she go black, she ain't never coming back
I'm sorry Mr. H, I thought you already knew that
You will see her on a black street like Chauncey
I'm a bad boy like Sean C
Rock a fella like Shawn C
Keep them Apes with me like Don C
Like Jay keep Beyonce
I'm just talking nonsense, so nonchalantly
See my Mark like Ronsy
Pop my collars like Fonzy
Paparazzi is on me
I see your girl want me, I'm filling up her glass
Feeling on her ass, feeling so upper class
And your boy so fresh
I might even flash cash
So at the end of the night, you ain't even gotta ask

I'm Yeezy, she say "Hi, I'm Aria"
No, you a angel, you wave "Hi" to Aaliyah
I got a show in Korea, they built a new arena
Why don't you come and watch a nigga tear the whole scene up
I know I seen you before, but don't know where I seen ya
Oh I remember now, it's something that I dreamed of
Don C says she cool, but don't let her fuck your cream up
Monica Lewinsky on the dress, you take her to the cleaners
Sure enough, a week later, I'm in extra love
And everybody know she's mine so she extra plugged
Every bouncer, every club show her extra love
We just praying the new fame don't get the best of us
But all good things gotta come to a en-a
She let it go to her head, "No, not my Aria"
The height of her shopping was writer's blocking me
I couldn't get my shit out anyway, I hope you die Aria!

We the cause of all the commotion
Your mouth running, but where is you going?
What is you smoking, man? That ain't potent
What is you talking, man? That ain't important
Illuminati, High society
We in this party and nobody invited me
We going crazy and I always use my best sense
But it don't matter cause I stay on my fresh prince
Maxin', relaxin, shootin' some pool and
Playing some b-ball outside of the school and
Girls with they top off outside of the pool and
Whips with the drop off outside of the Louvre
You just look stupid to be ignoring
The Delorean parked in front of Armani emporium
And parties at Richie is getting risky
Victoria's Secret show, they miss me
Voices in my head, I need choices in my bed
AHHHHH, get out my fucking head
It's just me and my bad bitch
So you can say I'm on my Brad Pitt
Back to the la familia I'm aligned with
Before I betray them I slit my wrists
At the top is just us nigga
Cause I don't really trust niggas
And we made it through the hurricane
So celebrate and light the Mary Jane
We gon' make it, that's on everything
Truest girls get half naked, every spring
They saying, "Hey Kanye
We need you to go deeper than Tay Zonday,"
Cause my verses got pain, Chocolate Rain
So many lines, you photograph and it make arms break
On the radio, man I miss myself
I need to just step back and kiss myself
Baby, just step up and kiss the belt
A little lower.. that's what's up
Somebody pour her another cup
Is it too much to ask you keep your diamonds up?
I swear until my time is up
My style is sex in the shower, fresh as fuck

How much they hate it? very!
Kiss girls like Katy Perry
I am never sprung, but I Spring 'er, Jerry
Don't try this at home: results may vary
King like T.I., but in the Chi, Larry...

We killing the game, it's not fair
You muthafuckers stay right there
Cause we too high up in the air
We blasting off just like a laser
Nigga, pee-une, pee-une, pee-une
Get back, gimme room room room
DB9 like vroom, vroom, vroom
Young Hov, what we doin, doin, doin?

I got a big ego, (hahaha)
I'm such a big ego, (uhuhuh)
I got a big, (eheheh), ego
She love my big, (eheheh), Ego
She stroke my big, (eheheh), Ego
I like to joke around a little bit but here we go
Welcome to the wonderful world
Of gold-plated Earl, cause
Everything I throw up, blow up
Talking to the girl
She said, "Know what, grow up, you nasty,"
"I don't understand why they trippin', if you ask me,"
Flow is just the nicest
I admit the propane
I just spit, probably
Just raised the gas prices
Everybody in the club
Try and get as fresh as me
What you want dog
Trying to stay recession free
And spit, refreshingly
When I rock the stadium
You probably get sweaty
You should bring a extra tee
Now I'm standing next to Jay
Who standing next to B
You coulda been anywhere in the world
But you're here with me
That's good for my ego
Me and my ego
And it go wherever we go
My ego is my imaginary friend
He was with me when I was only imagining
I had dreams of the league
One day I play Kobe
I walk up to Puff and he already know me
Coulda let the dream killers, kill my self esteem
Or use the arrogance as a steam that power my dreams
And my ego

On a scale of one to ten, what do you rate yourself
Here's some champagne, hydrate yourself
I know I'm lookin' good, you lookin' great yourself
I mean you shittin' on these bitches, you should hate yourself
My style so cold I could skate myself
But I go so hard I could make it melt
I mean the flow so solar every bar
Could power an electric car
My, my, my, whips is side-by-side
He just talkin', mine's outside
Do you mind if I
Take you on a test
Do you have all-wheel drive
And if that baby purr, I'm gonna baby her
Bitches gon' hate and maybe worse
Cause your ice so brrr I copped you a baby fur
Just to work
I know you was on pur-pur
But this is a whole new arena
See, niggas come by talkin' bout they make it rain
I'll make that bitch Katrina
Mr. Kanye Omari, with my Entourage, no Ari
And a motorcycle jacket, no Harley
She said dude, that's cool
Gnarly

'Ye is in the buliding, let everybody know
I got the world in my hand and I ain't finna let it go
Is that yo' girlfriend? I really like her
I'm talkin' only for a night, I wouldn't wife her
I got them Yeezy's on my feet, I got them Louie's in the sto' (Want some?)
And I dropped another album, 'fore we finished up the tour
And it's still top 10, 'bout fifteen weeks later
So that's a middle finger for you 808 haters

I got my superman power, my superman cape
These the last hours, but superman late
The clock is ticking, damn can you wait?
Man, will he come back and save the day?
Fly across the earth, put things in reverse
I wish this life was a movie I could just rehearse
Certain things I can't doctor, and you say I'm the worst
I ain't have enough patients, but I needed a nurse
That'll come by my bed late
See if my head ache
Then get my head straight
Then give my head, great
Every time I popped up like the VCR
I took your breath away, then we performed CPR
With all the cars, the clothes, the lights, the boats
I guess I was just trying to sow my royal oats
In the penthouse position
With penthouse bitches
See I Pimp'd My crib, so I must exhibit
Shit, these last years been a haze like Issac
So I close my eyes
Tighter than Asian eyes get
Realized I got the same wings angels fly with
Louis Vuitton feathers, now that some fly shit

Verbal asked me do I need a pen?
Not right now
Everything I write now
I don't even write down
I don't need her right now
But I'm so bad
Ask her can she hold my gonads before they go bad
Since I did a song with Teriyaki I been acting very cocky
Using every opportunity to shit on everybody
If you heard I'll be in Houston like Bobby
Puffing on a blunt until the "B" got me body
There fees in the party?
Chillin' in the lobbies
Anything you heard happened, yo it probably did
Full Force trying to find where the Party is
For the last time to kick it like Karate Kid
Man that line was way obvious
Way out of my jurisdiction of my high snob
On my job kill a nigga no prob type flow
Just seen a nigga get Rob like Whoa!
Oh, should have tucked your chain
Niggas ain't playing man, it ain't a fuckin' game
All that frontin' for the audience
Make 'em not exist no more, Yugoslavians

Ohhhhh, ohhhh; ohhh you too much pressure doll
You gon' raise my cholesterol
I gotta lower the phone decibels
Just to talk, just a thought
I'mma get a girl with a ass just as soft
You swear men dogs like reservoir and I was Mr. Pink
Remember those nights on the kitchen sink
I was choking you in a good way, good way
Now we in the streets and I'm chokin you in a hood way
When the cops come what I could say?
You know how all that gossip is
Next morning Bossip, Perez
Any girl I take out, Mediatakeout, I need a break now
Before I break now (ah ah ah ah)
Show me your Janet Jacksons if you nasty
You said you want to cut my nuts off like Jesse Jackson, classy
Ohhh, why she say that, OUCH~!
Bitch, give me back my couch
On that same couch casting
Now listen to T-Pain and sing

When you take the picture, cut off your face
And cover up the tattoo by the waist
Let the +MC Serch+ 'til I reach +3rd Base+
And when I get home I'mma hit home plate
Wait, could this be considered our first date?
"'Ye, the picture just looks so trash"
Your body make a baller spend cooked coke cash
Plus every good girl wanna go bad
In Playboy mags like Stacy Dash
Or Kim Kardashian, be a lady aaaaat, it
You know what's a crazy thing?
Some girls'll make you wait longer than A.C. Green
Passion of the Christ, 33-Year Old Virgin
That's disrespectful baby, don't encourage him
I like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican, or Persian
Dashiki, kimono, or turban
They say I dress white, but my swag so urban
Tryin my luck, I hit her with the text say
"Baby you up," ?uestion mark
And she respond, "YES-S-S-I-R"

Everybody saying please don't let go
I hear it over and over and over like a echo
I see it in my dreams, I feel the effect though
People drowning in debt
Somebody to the rescue
Everybody's saying we need something special
Nah man, we need something extra terrestrial
Outta this world, speak for us
Be the vessel
Outta the box, reach for it through the threshold
Uh, through all of the stress though
What's best of all, people screaming like a festival
Just applaud, this moment is special y'all

We lost a four leaf clover
Don't ask why shorty be over
News flash shorty we over
We like Def Jam and Hova
We like Bobby and Whitney
Except without the kiddies
Like Pamela Anderson's career
Except without the titties
We had some good times didn't we
I know I won't forget that
But we had some bad times and
That's time I wish I could get back
We coulda had it all
But I guess we'll never know
You been around me long enough
To know that now it's over

I go the hardest, flow so retarded
I'm disgusted with myself, I mean, were do I start
First I spin around and vomit, then I shit up on it
Fuck the beat up so bad won't nobody get up on it
I flow sick, nigga how sick, sea sick
Got your hand out don't look at me bitch
You lookin' at who made me rich
You lookin' at who made me rich
I had some wins, some losses
Just a life of a God damn boss'
With the top off lookin' for a girl with a ass as fat as Tracee Ross's
This is dope as is get (is to it)
Dope as a mother fuckin' acid trip
Fly as fifty-seven passengers
This finna be another classic, bitch
Everybody know I got it, if you want it then get at it
But I ain't goin' have it
No, I ain't goin' have it

I ain't ever been scurred
Never been the type to bite my words
When I came up y'all gave me shit
Now I'm finna make y'all eat them turds
Always said what the fuck I felt
Go head spit that murder I wrote
Man I don't care bout what you felt
Fuck you nigga I know I'm dope
Felt like I'm comin to get my all
Felt like I had to play the fly on the wall
Felt like niggas was stuntin on me
Funny how I'm flyer than them all
Now I'm at the top ain't nowhere to go now
Instead of me, she goin' go down
Maybe I would have slowed down if I knew what I know now
I'm stupid yea I know I'm dumb
This could fuckin get old, well it's good I'm young
Before my heart get cold as the hood I'm from
Tell me what it take to be number one
I guess it's goin' be what it's goin' be
But here's one thing y'all got to hear
I'mma tell you like George Bush told me
Fuck ya'll niggas I'm out of here

Uh, here's an impromptu, I want you
I'm goin to tell you what I want to - do to you
Your girlfriend, she wants to - beautiful
Just flew in from Paris - voulez-vous?
In the city that don't snooze
Smooze amongst the Who's Whos
And I use my celeb to get this one home
Why everything that feel so good gotta be so wrong?
Gimme room now, I'm like a vampire on the full moon now
And I don't know about you now
But I think I wanna try sumthin new now - see what it do now
And when you sat down
Uh, cause you was losing yo' breath now
Uh, cause you be doing it to def now
She be doin E to F now, what's left now?
Mr. West now, can you get any more fresh now?
I think I just did, just now
Talkin my shit, that's how
I'm a professio-nal, I admit that
Flashing Lights show I live that
Fame is a drug, wanna hit that
Cause they know exactly where to get that - did you get that?

Hey do you have any black inside you?
Would you like some? (Like some?)
Ha, you know you got a right to do whatever you like to
Don C, we got the right one, that right one
In the club, always the flyest
Always got her hands the highest
She stopped drinking Diet Coke
She on that coke diet
She bat, she bat her eyelids
That girl is so wired
I know she so tired, but ooh, she on fire
Hundred dollar bill, look at you, look at you
A hundred dollar bills, this ain't new, this ain't new
From that Paris, Lindsay, Britney, Mary-Kate and Whitney
People say that they clean, motherfucker don't bullshit me

Uh, Mr. West is in the building, children, ladies
Call the shrink up, they about to go crazy
Hold your drinks up like you was celebrating
Hold your guns if they is hella hating
I'm so clean and them, they got rabies
I can see it through the lens of my Raybe-
Ans, Wayfarers, mmmhmm
'Ye do you play fair? mmmnnnn
Grab your remote, for the reason they made Tivo
Snap the Nikon's with the icons with Nike's on
I heard you like to do it with the lights on
But I really make babies when the mics on
Check out all my kids, that bought all my cribs
Got me out of that apartment, you have got to pardon him
I am so retarded with a spit like a retarded kid that spits
Oops, I ain't mean to say that shit
I told my homie Chris, these chicks is dangerous
You need a girl that's A List, not one that's just barely made it on a list
Cause from Wall to Wall, we got it Poppin' right now
It's a hundred girls, tryna get down down down

You messin up my mo', my whole mood, told you, oh
Lose, eat crews like crews like soulfood
The only producer that feel like "fuck rappers!"
Only backpacker with a chip like hackers
Only Michael Richardson, only much blacker
So if he say nigga, then I'mma say *cracker*
Is this the Ritz? Carlton? Dress like, fresh, like, just like..
I'm the shit (Uggh)
You ain't figured out what I'm about yet
Always rockin that 'this ain't out yet'
But this ain't 'bout that
From a city where niggas plug like outlets
Far as music go yo, it ain't no outlets, so
When I go out, niggers always out to get me in the studio
And I ain't in the mood to flow
I'm with my girl and I'm tryin to hit the movies yo
And they tryna act stupid, oh!
In the club with Silicone Suzie
What happened to real girls like Rudy?
With real titties like Tootie
This girl got a silicone booty!
And got the nerve to act moody!
Now I ain't tryin to judge like Judy
But bitch you a man, you can't fool me!
Act like 50, throw her in a pool G...

I know you're thinking, thinking that it must be
Armor All flow cause it never get rusty
I ain't gotta say it, man dawg trust me
Bust somebody head, GLC where was we
Still rock the Prada 'fore that, rock the Starter
Niggas had the Georgetown, the Magic way harder
Thinking back to the projects, and they way they tore 'em all up
Like when I do a project, and come back and tear the mall up

Your fly is open, McFly
The crowd is open, I think I know why
I'm back from the future seen it with my own eyes
And yep, I'm still the future of the Chi
Back in college I had to get my back up off the futon
I knew that I couldn't cop a coup with no coupons
Look at that neutron on his green like croutons
People asking him, "do you have any grey poupon"

With niggas masked up like Phantom of the Opera
Dreaming of the day they push a phantom to the operas
Can't wait till they say, "Ye ran up at the Oscars"
Poppa, I heard his life is like a movie
Like when Em played him and Mekhi played a rasta
Mexicans gonna love it like it was for La Raza
But this is for the mobsters, Holla
We some true Chi-town legends, accept no imposters

And we standin on the couch
With my drink and my two step my drink and my two step
Three glasses in a row you start to think I was Q-Tip
Bartender pour a round I took a few sips
Stumblin', fallin' down, I ain't drunk that's my new step
Now why would I listen to bullshit they shovel
When they taste level ain't at my waist level
I'm fly get on a plane jet lagged already
I'm tired, the Goyard bags is heavy
I'm fire, the flow hard as a Chevy
I told her me like ye, she said she like me, ha
When see me with a CL like Pete Rock
She just wanna grab a microphone and beat box
Even in high school I was always a special kid
First pack of condoms I asked for extra big
Now I got a flow they sit me right next to Big
And all these old rappers don't know where the exit is
But but but no buts nigga
What nigga
We fired motherfuckers, Donald Trump nigga
I'm killin' these niggas can't front nigga
Now let's drink to that until drunk nigga

He pulled up at 6:30 in a 745
As he waving "Shorty, hi", you know he showin' his bling out
She got in the car, he drove, he pulled his thing out
His girl caught feelings, she mad, she threw the ring out
How she found out she dreamt the whole thing out
Y'all be going through problems, you gotta work the kinks out
When you go to sleep? What do you think 'bout?
If y'all get a divorce
She gon' take everything except the kitchen sink out
Make it so cold that you gotta pull your mink out
Or grab your roller skates and turn a roller rink out
You now back up in the club, in the club, tryna min-gle
Meanwhile, she out doing the same thing now
Nightmares from your dream gal make you scream out

Ay, pimp it's Ye, pimp
40 told me they fuck with me in the Bay, pimp
So I'mma ride down with the do's open
Yeah that's the way to get the hoes open
Yeah, high inch stilettos with the toes open
And any haters get they nose broken
Now tell me when to go, tell me where the hoes
She told me they was cold now you act like you don't know
Like "ummmm, ummmm", I'mma hit the liquor store
I'mma be on the low, I'mma have my hoodie on
If you call out my name then you know they gon' go
Dumb, you fuckin' up my mode, man
I told you only call me by my codename
They already recognize me from my gold chain
The same one I gave Keyshia Cole, man
Now go dumb like Cole on Martin, I'm retarded

Kanye to the
I ask God to help me fly away
And if not
Then please keep your eye on me
These niggas is bringing out the worst side of me
When you wired me
You inspired me
To become the higher me
These execs
All want the details
How I made the world bounce like
Full messages on e-mails
But they hiding something like she-males
So
We still
Pull up in Sprewells
The ice and me chill
Like Goldmember, I love gold
What's the point to gain the world if you lose your soul
Now
Niggas forcing me to keep the heat up
Black strap, white handle, I got jungle fever
I went platinum
And I don't rap guns
My diamonds is whiter than Michael Jackson's
Me and Miri make music you can hold in time
So take a second to listen it may blow your mind

Ahh... The sweet taste of victory
Go head and breathe it in like antihistamine
I know they sayin' "Damn, Ye snapped with this beat!"
Fuck you expect? I've got a history
Groupie love now, gotta be them wheels!
Haters back down, gotta be that steel!
I know they can't wait till ya outta ya deal!
Look how they did D'Angelo ask em how do it feel!
My best friends worry bout me
Cause they know when you famous
And you had made cash
The media aims at us
And you be up so high
If you ever fall off, it feel like a plane crash
But God don't ever give me nothin I can't handle
So please don't ever give me records I can't sample
So I could vacate where it ain't no channels
But it's quite ok for a gangsta to wear sandals
They say because of the fame and stardom
I'm somewhere in between the church and insane asylum
I guess it's messin with my health then
And this verse so crazy when I finish
I'm just gon check myself in - again

Yeah, history in the makin, Do or Die
Yeah, yeah, uh, uh, uh
Me and Do or Die got maneuvers
Cold pimp tactics all in one package
Hollerin' at a chick that could of been a actress
Right now her back is layin' on my mattress
Why your team pissed like urine
Only rock things made for a king
Tell me tell me it was the LV
Bigger that the jeans of the
Rap floor green
That's how I gotcha
So I you want a role model to call like Patra
Quit hollerin' at them losers
And get with this shit that
Got his own business an entrepreneur

Now if my man Benzino got a Benz and they call him Benzino
When I get my Bentley they gon call me Bent-lino
Lot of shit changed since I hooked with Jay-Z yo
For the tracks I done got 800 C-notes
So glad I ain't take the drive to Home Depot
Right now my car and home would be repo'd
Fuckin with my girl today around three-oh
My man said let's call some girls that we know
Ohhhhhhhh!
Sometimes I wanna say fuck my bitch
But I don't want nobody to fuck my bitch
Even if a modelin chick sucked my dick
It wouldn't make me now feel so sick, just because
They came over to cheer me up
Smoked, drink, and yeah we fucked
No matter what they do it can't be enough

Ever since I been flossin'
My girls totally awesome
Girls wait to exhale
They don't breathe often
Claim that my game stone cold, Steve Austin
Claim that I boss 'em
Basically Diana Ross 'em
But who's to blame for all these fights
When you ain't always wrong
I'm just always right
And I just always like
To see exactly how your face look
Right when I walk down that hallway right
When I pack my bags
When I got that cab
You never thought Kanye would ever got that mad
You acting like I ain't the reason that you got that Jag
That you got that bag
Let's talk about amnesia
Yeah you got that bad
Kanye the best dressed nigga next to fags
And I'm the best version of Mase next to Fab
And I'mma call your best friend up just to stab
Cause of the way that you do

Ma$e said c'mon, Mike said chamone
Started up early like Raven-Symoné
Keisha Knight-Pull, Emmanuel
I dropped out of school with no manual
Nothin' handed to dude but did I complain
Every time magazines try to taint my name
But ya'll can't hold me down like restraint
I took the T off out the word can't
'round same time when Nas said I can
Bush for sendin' our fam to Iran
I'm in the club with a henny ass in my other hand
Lord please forgive me, I'm just a man
Right now I'm trying to make some adjustments
Before they do me like they did Janet and Just' and 'em
Me and my cuz and them
Trying to rap like bust and them
And my clothes was busted and bummy
But I ain't eva, eva, accept no money from these so called sponsors
They was in Benzes, I was in Hondas
Now I wonder where they all at like Ananda
Hmm... yea... that something to ponder
The money I make on this one's for Donda
That's West to you, you the next
I can't hold my breath for you
What you need to do is turn it up some decibels
And put some more zeroes in front of that decimal, nigga

Man, how did she bring it up? How did she break it down?
Man, you at the clinic? Dog, slow down that's your child
But if you keep it, then you gotta tell your girl you was cheatin'
And you went raw dog when you beat it
That's when she gon' tell you to beat it
You know it ain't y'all little secret, you famous you can't go nowhere
Cause everytime you go there, it's hoes there
So basically you and your girl over
I know when she broke the news you told her "Man, don't say that"
Matter fact like Pat don't say jack
Everytime a nigga sittin' on pay stacks
Things come up from way, way, way back

I go by the name Kanye Omari
And I wrote this just to say I'm sorry
I have foreign cars and houses
I have porno stars and spouses
You tryin' to stab one like Jack the Ripper
I was tryin' to stab two like Jack the Tripper
My nigga Tone been locked for a minute
He come home, he from the street
He gon' want him some strippers
And I'm a big tipper I don't need to be trippin'
This my first Rolex it don't even be tickin'
This my first pair of earrings I can wear in the shower
Without them clouding up in half an hour
So that basically mean my paper getting mean
Basically mean I'm into better things
I was an addict of cheating but I stopped before
You an addict you go with Janet Jackson you cured

Yeah, Kanye to the, yeah
I'm with this bad Ethiopian chick, drinkin' straight up liquor
I told her I'm Nigerian, a straight up nigga
Now is it just me, or do them Uggs
Have girls feet lookin' like sheepskin rugs
Some rhyme with a name, some rhyme nameless
Don't try to treat me like I ain't famous
My apologies, are you into astrology
Cause I'm, I'm tryin to make it to Uranus
See that's a little Don Juan game
All across your chest like Sean John name
Niggas tryin to figure out since Kan came
Who the rookie of the year, me or LeBron James
They say whoa, don't get caught up in the hype
Ain't no tellin they gon' love you after tonight
Well if tonight's the night, pop bottles, fuck models
Spend money 'til you broke, my nigga live your life!

Now how the hell I end up arguing with this bitch? (aww)
Know everything, but don't know shit (aww)
Kinda reminiscent of Anna Nicole Smith (aww)
I just turn my music up like 'Damn that's some cold shit' (aww)
I mighta known her 'bout a couple of months
Since then she gained a couple of chunks
She went from being a strobe light
To that old lady on Boomerang
Lady Eloise I need no lights
And I swear she a riot folks
How she order all that food and a motherfucking Diet Coke?
He said 'You lying yo, why is you lying yo?'
Cut it out, quit it G, you hurting my kid-i-neys
Naw, she talking bout a couple of kids for me (aww)
She's hinting at a ring from Tiffany's
Right then and there I had an epiphany
I swear since that day I've been treating fat hoes differently

There's only one girl on my agenda
(You talking bout Brenda?)
Naw I'm talking bout Linda, from last September
Now Linda love lace like Linda Lovelace
LaFace says she like +Mase+ but she love +Face+
And I know that Linda was a hip-hop-head
And I know that Linda gave Hip-Hop head
But I feel I could convert her
Cuz I ain't here to hurt her mayn
And she was messin wit me when I was still at Burger King
She ain't hop in my bed cuz of the whips and cream
Cuz when I had her in bed I had whip cream
Shakespearian midsummer night dream
I unzip things and pull out big things
They was flashin gr-green, she was like "ch-ching"
Got em, but she know a rreeal nigga when she, spot him
So now she's pickin dresses from Vera Wang
Scratchin out her maiden and here's my name
Now I'm sittin at the bar wit all my guys
They sayin "Cheers to you for your future years of pain"
Like "Dog you ready to give all this shit up?
The summer's on its way and these hoes doin sit-ups
And when they see the way the G5 lights lit up
You're gonna wanna have two like John Ritter"
But naww, I bought her a brand new BM
He said "Dog, slow down like Brand Nubian now"

It cost Kobe seven digits to pay off Bridgett
And get acquitted and break that bitch off, cause he ain't did it
Here go the Henny swig it
You know it's frigid
I got 'em chillin' in the cooler
Break out the ruler
Damn
Them the biggest tits I ever seen
We smokin' killer Cali gettin' weeded
Make it feel like Maui
Now we feel the good vibrations
So many B.I.s, so much inspiration

Hey miss
Who's there?
No time to do hair
I'm through here
The show tonight
So get right
You look aight
Let's club now
A rub down
Starts flavor while we grind in the theater
I'm tryin' to cut in the movies
I'm tryin' to give her something else to drink besides a smoothie

Niggas is jealous cause we in drops
The cops wanna stop us about every four blocks
Cause what we smokin' them sacks got no seeds
And what they got in they pockets is no cheese

Now bring some more stacks
Before you ask
About the price of the tracks
The game on smash
Look
Don't change the facts about these plaques
Because in fact
My freestyle hours over powers
Brothers can't hack it
Sensitive to truth and mack bitch
'03 me, Quence and Plain Pat bitch

From what I hear Kanye is killing the game very bad
My girl rocking the little lamb that Mary had
A l ittle bit of Ghost's style mixed with Mos' style
I'm versatile I'm the poster child
Getting cheese so I'm suppose to smile, get it
We making hits like Sosa now, hit it
And I hate when girls acting bougie as hell
And I already seen them naked like Blu Cantrell
If I talk to people like they stupid as hell
Do that mean God gone make my kids be stupid as well?
Well, our father please forgive me
I'm sinner slash winner slash soul inventer

Now if my man Benzino got a Benz and they call him Benzino
When I get my Bentley, they gon' call me Bentlino
A lot of shit changed since I hooked with Jay-Z, yo
For the tracks, charge around 800 C-notes
So glad I ain't take the job at Home Depot
Right now my car and home would be repo'd
I broke up with my girl today around 3-0
My man said, "Let's call some girls that we know"
Sometimes I wanna say, "Fuck my bitch"
But I don't want nobody to fuck my bitch
Even if a modelin' chick sucked my dick
It wouldn't make me not feel so sick
Just because, they came over to cheer me up
Smoked, drank, and yeah we fucked
But nothin' that they did could've been enough

Now this weed, drank got me faded
That Malibu is so underrated
She mad at me, that's an understatement
I can just see your girlfriends hatin'
Girl, told you don't leave his ass
And when that nigga blow he gon' leave your ass
But when he get low, he gon' need your ass
If he cryin', callin', bawlin'
Y'all've been together too long for all this name callin'
Y'all'll be back together in a day or two
Yeah we be makin' up but when we makin' up
All we're makin' up is the truth
Damn, I know she love me, oh
But I'm in the Matrix and I'm feelin' I'm Neo
She could fight for my love like Aaliyah
Or write a four page letter like Aaliyah
But I'm a Gemini that's bossy like a Leo
And sometimes I don't know what side I'm on
I just know this Patrón got me gone
And I've done fucked up so bad that I can't go home

Kanye the best in the game, now we got that, that thing clear
Kanye West is the name, Southside up in here
Y'all niggas stole the soul, y'all niggas all some clones
Y'all need to change y'all tone, nigga, I control the 'go
Motherfucker close the do', light the weed and let the douja blow
Why you keep bawlin' though girl, you ain't been around niggas before?
Why my chain rosey gold, why my wrist below zero?
How the hell I know B-Lo, why them girls tell you no means no?
No means no just as sure as green means go
Green means paper, dream team caper
We see haters like shorty on the 'Sixth Sense'
Y'all finna' see some dead people
Come through ya block and air people
My people ain't scared people, only FIG-I-AIR people

Uh, if you got any little freak in you then I'mma find it
These niggas read the pimp manual, but I designed it
I see you bouncing it up and down and ooh I like it
I know you gon' be mine, because ooh I'm psychic
You said you taste like candy do, right?
Why don't you go ahead, let me get two bites
How about this: bust out the whip cream
We could have a real freaky food fight
Oh no, it's getting too tight
So I never ever say I'm rapping too tight
If I come in the middle of the night, then Myleka I'mma do whatever you like

Good morning to umm, I don't remember your name
But I remember the brain, here go a fare for the train and
Good morning to Chi-Town, where my niggas ride down
To bust clowns and look for some bust downs to bust down
Yeah, she ain't got a car she on the bus now
But her gear is bangin, she one of us now
I wanted badly to bone, cause she was bad to the bone
She from a battered home, she mad when she at home
So I gave her my number to peep off, she wanted to take a week off
Bustin Scary Movie nuts, I had to get the freak off
That new Tom Cruise to the Moulin Rouge
On a too long cruise, she said I ain't bonin you
With them too long shoes, and acted bougie in a Grey Poupon mood
So I'mma act cheap in a coupon mood
She said 'Ye, you don't love me?
I told her it was good, it's too bad it got ugly

Listen, yo
I drove to New York with ten dollars to my name
Brought back a couple platinum plaques on a plane
Brought back the soul to change the game
Had a little beef I had to aim, it's stainless steel
The lyrics in my heart I can't restrain they real
I swear to God I wish I had a dollar bill
For every time a nigga told me stick to the beats
I could have ate at Cheesecake at least six times a week
Plus I'm killin' these niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz I push miracle whips
Dawg I'm killin' these niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz I push miracle whips
Changing lanes
Yeah, I'm changing lanes

Magazines call me a rock star, girls call me cock star
Billboard, pop star, neighborhood block star
Chi-Town go-gettin pimps, we mobsters
Gingerbread Man even said, "You're a monster!"
Yeah, that's how I feel
To be down, you must appeal
To the crew, we're rated R
O.C., O.G., Bobby Johnson son
Ask me, "Ray Ray, is that yo' car?"
I seen MTV, I know who you are
You did "Takeover," do you got beef with Nas?
I did take over the game, brought back the soul
Got tracks to go, got plaques that's gold
Platinum to go, yeah that's the flow
All I, know, I gots to blow
And I don't play pause I'm from Chicago

With my tuxedo
He asked me do you take this
Woman to hold and keep the safest
Plus to lace her, floss wit paper
Crib and a car, man you know tha basics
Diamonds your bestfriend
That makes sense because
Your a princess and you deserve the princess cuts
But as long as you gots your defenses up
You can never get the love that was meant for ya
Shouldn't you know that I use to come through wanna
Club
Real thugs don't never fall in love
Always on the g-o, for the d-o
Man I had to take t-o, smits some cutie
Since my money get right theses days
I wanna give you more ice than the ice capades
I gots the church, the ring
There's something I'm forgetting
Oh, we gotta have J.E. sing at the wedding

For the nigga they love to hate
But all the bad model girls they love to date
You need to check my swag and get up to date
Check check check my swag and get up to date
Cause when we cut, I'm razorbladin'
I'm so Lazer, I'm so Major
I'm so Flava, I'm so Flava, baby I should have a clock on
Why you get ya, get ya, get ya pretty girl rock on
For all my girls from Atlanta down to Stockholm
And they looking like what the hell you got on
What you mean baby girl, I got homes
Different cribs, new whips
And I'm feelin' fly, fly like a G6
Fly, my swag hit on ladies unknowingly
Please to meet ya, its a pleasure knowing me
Back when I was poor I used to pull em with my poetry
Tick that yes or no for me, I guarantee she go with me
But the only thing I need to know right now
What a pretty girl like you doing in this part of town
With a city girl swag and a country girl smile
I mean you demoralizing bitches with your style
Wow, well how about now
My jewelery so blow, my girls so wow
I mean, I mean swag so loud
I guess that's the reason all the concerts so owww

Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay! (That part)
Beggars can't be choosers, bitch this ain't Chipotle
Nigga with an attitude, I feel like O'Shea
Walkin', livin' legend, man I feel like Kobe
I just left the strip club, got some glitter on me
Wifey gonna kill me, she the female OJ
Y'all don't feel me, man this ain't okay
Four Seasons, take a shower, new clothes, I'm reloaded
Rich nigga, still eatin' catfish
That bitch ain't really bad, that's a catfish
If I walk up out of Saks Fifth
Have the paparazzi doin' backflips
If I lay you down on the mattress
Blow the back out 'til you backless
Thick, we already established
She just got 'em done, bra-strapless

There go another lawsuit
In court so much, man I should've went to law school
Everybody brawlin', it was all cool
'Til I hit the bartender with the barstool
I don't fuck with fake dudes wearin' fake Trues
I just talked to 2 Chainz and he said, "TRUUU!"
I feel like MJ, I'm in his shoes
I'm talkin' Montell Jordan, this is how we do
Bust a nigga head and then I lay low
These niggas ass-water, get the Drano
She ain't really bad, she a photo thot
I should hire this bitch, she so damn good at Photoshop
That Lexapro got me drowsy, then a heart attack
I think they finally think got me where they want me at
I got 700 emails in my inbox
What that mean? I ain't callin' nobody back

Since the truth keep niggas traumatized
They tryna compromise my condom size
So I Snapchat that whole shit
Tryna see titties, tryna show dick
And I swear to God I hope they post it
I'm blessed
Even though I get slammed with lawsuits like car doors
See three P.O.'s like Star Wars
They want me by the road holding up cardboard
So I go extra hard on the hard floor
Right now, I'm calling you from my home gym
Right after that, nigga, I'm gon' swim
Just did a couple laps in my home pool
And my daughter right there getting home-schooled
I'm blessed
And I was thinking 'bout starting up my own school
A Montessori
And the hallway looking like a monastery, oh yes
I'm way up, I feel blessed

You the number one trophy wife
So it's only right to live the trophy life
You grew up on J. Lo, Timberlands by Manolo now
Till one day I put an angel in your ultra sound
I wanna dip that ass in gold, I wanna dip that ass in gold
I made it over NBA, NFL players
So every time I score it's like the Super Bowl
Baby, we should hit the south of France
So you could run around without them pants
I put that glacier on your little hand
Now that's the only thing without a tan
My trophy on that Bound bike, I gave you only pipe
If people don't hate then it won't be right
You could look at Kylie, Kendall, Kourtney and Khloe
All your Mama ever made was trophies, right?

They said, thou shall not be ill, thou shall not feel
Thou should not be trill, not be drill, not be real
Niggas selling packs, niggas flipping pills
They got heroin and cracks, man these niggas hot for real
Every year gon be our year, every year gon be my year
These niggas really is out here, these niggas really is out here
The block is at war, post traumatic stress
Ran up outta pills, rob that CVS
Niggas getting bust over In God We Trust
We believe in God but do God believe in us
If we believe enough, will we ever get to know 'im
That lean got us dozing, we forget that we the chosen

I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
You see you got a couple cases, still look good nigga
You see these niggas'll try to play ya, know how ya feel nigga
Eh yup, that'd be the day you wanna kill a nigga
But you gon chill nigga, just for your kids nigga
Cause now there's kids doing grown man biz nigga
You just got home nigga, you tryna live nigga
You don't wanna do another 5 years nigga
The boss is testing yo ass, the feds'll question yo ass
They be drug testin' yo ass and then they pray you don't pass
And then you look in the sky, you got some questions to ask
With no response make you wanna grab the tech and the mac

Hold up, talk to the, talk to the hand
Bitch, you talking to a grown ass man
It's like, way-way-way too much up in your pants
For us not to make the bed squeak (There goes the bed sheets)
Everybody rip the swag off 'fore I rip the tag off
Why my pants sag off? Cause I'm rapping my ass off
Flow so ugly, money so handsome
This the fucking anthem, get it? The fucking anthem

I don't really wanna, uh, talk too much shit
But you love it when I talk like I lost it
And I love how you look when you blazin'
And I swear you turn at least half Asian
And we about to have a liaison
She so cool, give head with her shades on
You should just go and throw a cape on
And it's just so amazing (So amazing, so amazing)

I got a dirty mind
I got filthy ways
I'm tryna bathe my ape, (ape)
In your milky way (way)
I'm a legend
I'm irreverent
I be reverend
I'll be so faaaaa-ar up
We don't give a fuuuh-uh-uck
Welcome to the danger zone
Step into the fantasy
You are not invited to the other side of sanity
They're callin' me an alien a big headed astronaut
Maybe it's because your boy Yeezy get ass a lot

I know a bar out in Mars
Where they drivin' spaceships instead of cars
Cop a prada space suit about the stars
Getting stupid hah, straight up out the jars
Pockets on shrek, rockets on deck
Tell me what's next? Alien sex
Imma disrobe you
Then Imma probe you
See I've abducted you
So I'll tell you what to do
I tell you what to do (what to do, what to do)

Ever-ever, Mr. West is in the building
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams, big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
And went hard, all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young, you can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gonna build statues for me
Old money; Benjamin Button "What?" nothin'
Now super bad chicks giving me McLovin
You would think I ran the world, like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas know me
When they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me – no, you fucking wasn't
Um, you're such a fucking loser
He ain't even go to class; Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack?
Chasing the stardom will turn you to a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull the cameras out and goddamn, he snap
I used to want this thing forever, y'all can have it back

Baby girl you're dangerous
Everybody know that you love those lights
Baby girl you're dangerous
So dangerous, but it's only right
I'm back in your life
Return Of The Jedi
L.A. for a night, then return on the red eye
It's a party in your closet
I swear it's going off
I see it's Dolce & Gabbana
Viktor & Rolf
Ann Roth
Uh, huh
Not to shabby
You're good around celebs, not too laughy
So you deserve a rapper and/or athlete
And/or something more than just a backseat
Action, I had more beats than I had rhymes
Now they say you got more girls than you got time
To spend with 'em
So I throw them all on the team
Only problem is, I see they all want a ring, ring
Let me tell you once ting
It's gonna take a lot to be down with the king, king
Down, down with the king
Now are you really ready for the big screen?

Oh they got it all you can see they got it all
They got the cars the boat and the beautiful house by the shore
And you know there's more
But I can't take another minute of it at all
He wants his kids and the dog
He wants his breakfast in bed
He's got his trust fund saved
Not a worry in his head
It's not you homie
I wanna break up the scene and see you running back to me

She said she want whatever she like
She said she gon' bring her friend
And we goin' have a hell of a night, through the day, I made her say
Hold up, (yeah?) born in '88 (Word?!)
How old is that? (Man!) Old enough
I got seniority with the sororities
So, that explain why I love college
Getting brain in the library cause I love knowledge
When you use your medulla oblongata
And give me scoliosis until I comatoses
And do it while I'm sleep, yeah a little osmosis
And that's my commandment you ain't gotta ask Moses
More champagne, more toasts-es
More damn planes, more coasts-es
And fuck a bus, the Benz is parked like Rosa
Ohsa

It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick; no homo
I bought my whole family whips; no Volvos
Next time I'm in church, please, no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This the fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fuckin' Rav 4?
But I know that if I stay stunting
All these girls only gonna want one thing
I can spend my whole life goodwill hunting
Only good gonna come is it's good when I'm cumming
She got an ass that'll swallow up a G-string
And up top, ah, two bee stings
And I'm beasting off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that your dude bring
I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to try some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
"What's that, Ye?" "Baby, these heels."
"Is that a May-what?" "Baby, these wheels."
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feeling like you running, huh? Now you know how we feel

I'm known for running my mouth
I will not be accountable for what comes out, uh
I dunno, I might have said it
I was kinda gone and light-headed
And my jacket kinda fresh, bright red
And as usual, my pants tight-threaded
It seem like everybody dress tight now
And I just want my credit
Don't get it, twisted, or dreaded
I am the king and will not be headed
To the morgue no time soon, brethren
Being broke made my head hurt
So I need the bread or an Excedrin
That'll only get my engine revving
While y'all on 10, I'm on 11
I'mma make the news, be on at 7
Matter fact, I'm on this very second
I'm in first and y'all in second
And this verse only add to the freshness
Call to the club, tell them add to the guest list
What you think? Way more bitches?
I can never be too big for my britches
Y'all motherfuckers know who this is
I'm gifted
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas

Aye aye Dream I'm too good at this
Uhh, uhh, uhh, I can't contain it
No, no, no I can't restrain it
There's a lot of stars in here ain't it?
But you shine so much they don't seem famous
Where'd you come from on this lonely night?
I swear God must have made lightning strike
And I bottled it up
You hit the red carpet and modeled it up
We hopped in the 'rari and throttled it up
Now everybody clappin', they bravoed it up
All just because it's more than a buzz
More than a drink, but I took a few sips
And let it do what it does
Now drunk textin'
Like its all about you
Like I can't spend another minute without you
You know the drinks let you say things you ain't allowed to
Things that you fear, but you're way to proud to
Say out loud
Cause niggas gonna clown you
Put your Blackberry down
People is around you
I'll put my mack berry down
I ain't tryin to hound you
Just tryin' to take you where the stars gonna surround you
And Uhmm, maybe ice down you
And Uhmm, maybe white gown you
And Uhmm, maybe we should talk about all this after I pound you
Ha, you know I'm just playin' with you
I know a lot of people mad cause they ain't with you
Wait is it because we on the moon
Tell 'em to save the hate we'll be home soon

Ayo, I'm sitting on top of the.. it's More Than a Feeling, ain't it?
I be killing, damn it, I'm ill and I'm ill and ay-ay-ay
Meet Mr. Popular, go get your binoculars
And see Penthouse 3 where a nigga be
Spitting fire on the PJ in my PJ's
Fire Marshall said I took it to the max like TJ
Y'all ain't peep, I said Marshall's, replay
I guess I'm like the black Marshall meets Jay
Meet 'Ye, alligator souffle, got it made
Special Ed got head from a girl in special ed
You know the pretty ones in that dumb class
But she got that dumb ass
Hit high school and got pregnant dumb fast
"What happened Teesha, your boyfriend come fast?"
Turn around, give me pound like we folks
"Hell no, I went raw-dog, three strokes!"

Tell me now, can you make it past your Caspers
So we can finally fly off into NASA
You was always the cheerleader of my dream
That seem to only date the head of football teams
And I was the class clown that always kept you laughing
We were never meant to be baby we just happened
So please don't mess up the trick
Hey Young World, I'm the new Slick Rick
They say I move too quick but we can't let this moment pass us
Let the hourglass pass right into ashes
Let the wind blow the ash right before my glasses
So I wrote this love letter right before my classes
How could a goddess ask someone that's only average
For advice, OMG, you listen to that bitch
Woe is me baby this is tragic
Cause we had it, we was magic
I was flying now I'm crashing
This is Bad, real bad, Michael Jackson
Now I'm mad, real mad, Joe Jackson
You should leave your boyfriend now, I'm gon' ask him

What she got is so Niagara
Make a young nigga straight need Viagra
Make a old nigga give keys to Jaguar
Just to keep from all the tease and laughter
Her telling her homegirls that he couldn't stay up
In the restaurant with her voice way up
Please keep it discreet
Keep the business out of the street
She said "I would if he'll handle biz up in the sheets!"
Pop off like a thang thang
He keep keep
And every time that she bang bang
He skeet skeet
And he so bullheaded tried to three peat
Try imagining something passionate
Between you Cassie and Kim Kardashian
Maybe that'll work when you get to hit that ass again
Or you can grab a Red Bull and sip that twice
Now y'all can have sexy time, it's nice!!

Man this is classic
Call her National Geographic
Her ass is African, but her eyes so Asian
Plus the waist and, time's a-wastin'
This some good pussy, dog please don't waste it
You said "Fuck that, man I'm gon' tape it!"
And came before you barely even got the tape in
She had the maid outfit, it's all on her apron
I know a friend who got drunk and claim a fat bitch raped him

I feel like it's still niggas that owe me checks
I feel like it's still bitches that owe me sex
I feel like this but niggas don't know he's stressed
I lost the only girl in the world that know me best
I got the money and the fame, man, that don't mean shit
I got the Jesus on a chain, man, that don't mean shit
Cause when the Jesus pieces can't bring me peace
Yo, I need just at least, uh, one of Russell's nieces
On, I let my nightmares go
I put on everybody that I knew from the 'Go
I know hoes that was frontin' when they knew he was broke
They say, "Damn, Yeezy Yeezy, you don't know us no more?"
"You got that big fame, homie, and you just changed on me"
You can ask big homie, man, the top so lonely
Ai-ee-ah, so lonely, ai-ee-ah!
Let me see what we have tonight, I'm high as a satellite
I see those flashing lights cause every night, every night, I put on

This a number one champion sound (yeah)
Yeah, Estelle we about to get down (get down)
Who the hottest in the world right now? (ha)
Just touched down in London town (ha)
Bet they give me a pound
Tell them put the money in my hand right now (yes)
Tell the promoter we need more seats
We just sold out all the floor seats

Who killing them in the UK, everybody going to say "you, K"
Reluctantly, because most of this press don't fuck wit me
Estelle once said to me, "Cool down, down. Don't act a fool now, now"
I always act a fool oww, oww, ain't nothing new now, now
He crazy, I know what you thinking
Ribena I know what you're drinking
Rap singer, chain blinger
Holler at the next chick soon as you're blinking
What's your persona about this Americana rhymer?
Am I shallow cuz all my clothes designer?
Dressed smart like a London bloke, before he speak his suit bespoke
And you thought he was cute before, look at this pea coat, tell me he's broke
And I know you ain't into all that, I heard your lyrics I feel your spirit
But I still talk that CA-A-ASH cause a lot wags want to hear it
And I'm feeling like Mike at his Baddest
Like The Pips at their gladdest
And I know they love it
So to hell with all that rubbish

Aye, yo this mutherfucka's jammin', I'm on it it's an anthem
Who is that in the Phantom, please no cameras
They gone have me on Concrete Loop in my pajamas
To hide the goods, I would need pants big as Hammers
I be tippin' them dancers, they be sayin' I'm handsome
I was pretty before the dough but now I'm just the man
You remind me of my old chick
On that eighty four shit
Oh shit
Did you see the way she got her toes did?

This is what y'all all looking forward to
This is more than historical, anything that I say that is audible
Ought to blow, just like a chick givin' oral, yo
Lick the black, get the cream, like a Oreo
Hit the track, get the C.R.E.A.M., same story, yo
Trick that on Armani Emporium, it's more important, though
Yes sir, my aura is orchestral, but way fresher
Cause I simply throw a symphony, on a SMPTE, but I know
That niggas steal beats, so after I emcee, I empty the M.P
So I can stay out of reach, they used to say, "You'se a producer"
I'm glad I never listened to you losers, cause now, I'm in
Shibuya, buyin' somethin that's, way too exclusive
Uh, ra-ra-ra-ra-rappers are in danger, this floor is from a manger
But meaner than Lucifer, yeah, and this is the new drug
I'm the new high, y'all want ya weed back?
Yell, "I still love H.E.R., Hanto E. Rap!" (E. Rap...)

Pop quiz, how many topless, black foxes
Did I have under my belt, like boxers
Not to brag but, if it add up
One, two... nigga that's mad nuts
Game you mad nuts, how you gon' call out all these
Bitches knowin' damn well they gon' call me
The only dream, of that ghetto prom queen
Was to make it to the screen, maybe get seen
Maybe get chose by a nigga from my team
Head so good he don't ask for a pre... nup
Now ask yourself this question, umm
Would you be with Jay-Z if he wasn't C-E-O
Would you be with F-A-B-O if he drove a Neo
Would you ride with Ne-Yo, if he was in a Geo
Well why the hell you think these bitches comin' at me fo'
But since they all fall in my Palm, I take a trio, yo

Yesterday I was half the man you see
Baby thats because you the other half of me
You my number 1 hit on the line of the charts
I'mma FedEx my love and have you +sign+ for my heart
For my number 1 I keep ya dumb fly
Fresh to death you like after death
I resurrected my gold Jesus of Nazareth
Now we Fresh as a Prince while they Jazzy Jeff
And you don't be sayin shit when they askin questions
A-a-and you be givin. me my space a-a-and
You don't be runnin. on MySpace a-a-and
You know some other shit I hate w-w-what
W-w-when they violate b-but
Tonight man I ain't in the mood for it
Don't matter who wore it, you wore it
Look how ya co-or Dinated man that's my favorite
I love the way that it

GLC gon be stoned as Angie
I be Don C, Johnny Patron and me
It's a celebration bitches more bottles of cham-p-aign
In love with the same stripper that sprung T-Pain
And all this Louis Vuitton shit ain't cheap mayn
Dawg I can't keep saying G.O.O.D music the greatest latest
Stunting out the middle of nowhere like Vegas
From the Chi, the city of hella haters
Where we keep rising to the top like elevators
Hi haters I'm back off hiatus I feel just like you I mean even I hate us
Turn the radio down I mean every song
Yeezy got a vision that's clearer than Evian
Used to hit the radio them faggots ain't let me on
Until Khaled turned up the volume
Hit the club with it come on homie they wilding
Nas done told you come on homie we major
Really Doe told you hoes where we staying
G.O.O.D music up in this bitch now quit playing

Bein' at the bar tryin' ask what that hypno hit fo' (Hit fo')
Knowin' I can't afford to get mo' (Get mo')
Here's a broke nigga tricked buy one bottle and sip slow (sip slow)
Or, or leave the club now
Do like I did, come back when u get dough
A fishstick nigga now we messing with lobsters
We messin' with Grammies, we messin' with Oscars
You messin' with that dranky drank
Plus you puffin' on that stanky stank
In the morning you gon' draw a blank
The hotel said y'all was on 'em
My girl wasn't on shit, I picked the wrong one
Steady talkin' bout I ain't like them other girls
Well tonight I'm tryin' to find them other girls
Bring they own rubber girl
Never meet ya mother girl
You know they love it when you love 'em
And they tell they friends girl

They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker, fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't, because you love what I make
Now ain't that about a bitch
And I'mma talk shit until I'm out of hits
They don't want to turn they speakers up, they claim I ain't deep enough
All that talkin' I feed off of, keep it up
I'm relaxin', my feet is up
I'm leavin' you haters like when Shaq left the Lakers just to Heat it up
I state the stats to stunt, I don't need to front
Make black history every day, I don't need a month
The survey says, by the streets according
Kanye's just important as Michael Jordan
Was to the NBA when he was scorin'
Ralph Lauren was borin' before I wore him and

I keep you laced up so you ain't gotta borrow nothing
From them broke ass friends who be bargain hunting
They say they shop on eBay --baby why is they frontin'?
They be on the internet but they never cop nothin'
I keep you in Girl what is those on your toes?
And your neck staying froze off that rose colored gold
I suppose you was told by them hoes I was cheatin'
Thinkin' my heart don't got nothing to do with my penis
He got a mind of his own and he just be seeing shit
And I don't wanna cheat but I don't be saying shit
I try to jack off he ask me who is you playin' wit?
But I know he love you he told me you was his favorite

I had that little ass Nissan at your crib showin' up
Liquor store out of Arbor Mist, we Irish Rosed it up
Then we rolled to the movies, you rocked your fake Chloes
You had Gap and Gucci, that's still two G's
But that's that last year purse like it's still too cheap
Ooh you so bougie boo you could have fooled me
Cuz five years ago you was so Fugees
Now you don't want nothin' unless it cost a few Gs
You like the light-skinned Ania, the dark-skinned Aaliyah
The black Jennifer Lopez, a ghetto senorita
You remind me of my Jeep, but not no Kia
We can talk on your cell, but not Nokia
It be goin' in and out, that's why I barely hear ya
It be goin' in and out like a robbery ah
I'm tryin' to take this money like Rob and G. Dep
Then I'mma take you to the house like Trick and Trina

My favorite girl wanna leave me just because I got a girlfriend
My freak girl told me now, she a Christian
My White girl wanna move back to Michigan
I'm pulling girls off the bench like a sixth man
I'm in the club doing the same ol' two step
While Omegas doing the same ol' "Q" step
I have my money on my mind, I was thinking green
She a pledge A.K.A., she was pink and green
I want a good girl, she want a gentleman
We saying the same thing like a synonym
I wasn't really spitting game I was scrimmaging
My penmanship so hard it needs censorship
I'm a Chicagoan till Chicago ends
Till we blow like Chicago wind
I don't know what's better, getting laid or getting paid
I just know when I'm getting one, the other's getting away
This way

(Plain Pat what up?)
Lifestyles of the broke and famous
Let you know how crazy this game is
Look at all the new beautiful faces
At home supermodel, myspaces
Long for their shot on the TV screens
American Idol never seen these dreams
Just last week they want to see ID
Now they got you in VIP, huh?
How many people almost famous
You almost remember what they name is
Like "Hey, didn't you play in..? No it couldn't be, quit playin"
Try to keep that balance
After MTV that's a Real World Challenge
Back on that train
Never to be heard from again

Yes, Mr. West's turn that new child rebel
Loud as a badass child level
Who need a chorus? We do it tyrannosaurus
Tyrone, it's been a year with no phone
Could you explain how high is your zone?
We'll take the plane, rub his nose in cocaine
There's hoes in magazines you layin' saying you're lame
And for the hate in advance, pull down your pants
Make 'em kiss both cheeks like we living in France
Diamonds blue, his business manager's Jewish
And if I get sued my lawyers Jews
Some girls do grab the cojones
Say "you got enough diamonds to at least Sierra loan us"
Brand new Ferraris, I gotta make the donuts
CRS is like a hip-hop Chris' bonus
Niggas is hating on the internet I couldn't tell
I was too busy rapping, G.O.O.D. as hell
I was too busy flying, parasail
To Colette to get the new shit that Paris sell
Tarantino, Da Vinci, getting Benjies, get half off of Fendi
Half of that's to Cindy's
Hopped out the spaceship, put my Mork in Mindy
Popped too many corks to let you dorks offend me
Props in New York, but Chi-Town's the city
Get my groupie hoochies Gucci, Monica Bellucci's
Are those the real millionnaires or the bendies?
I'm so ultra I'm even over Oprah
But let me check your account, haha, no sir

Niggas be lovin' the old Ye, they sayin' the new Ye, that nigga be spazzin'
But when Ali turn up and be Ali, you can't ever change that nigga back to Cassius
So you can gon' and make up lies, but I'm so sanctified
I don't sweat it, wipe my forehead with a handkerchief
And wash my sins in the blood of Jesus (Ross grunt)
People sayin', "Ye we need another Yeezus" (Ross grunt)
Lames try to tell me, "Cut the wildin' out, out"
But who the fuck is you reachin'?
Pass me 30 bottles, champagne procession
That's that Holy water, sanctified refreshments
God sent me a message, said I'm too aggressive
Really!? Me!? Too aggressive!?

You say you wrong, you wrong, I'm right, I'm right
You're wrong, we fight
Ok, I'm running from the light, running from the day to night
Oh, the quiet silence defines our misery
The riot inside keeps trying to visit me
No matter how we try, it's too much history
Too many bad notes playing in our symphony
So let it breathe, let it fly, let it go
Let it fall, let it crash, burn slow
And then you call upon God
Oh, you call upon God

We keep these G's in an alloy safe
And stash the weed in an Altoids case
They say good things come to those who wait
So I'mma be at least about a hour late
I'm so fresh bitch I should be arrested
New Cody Chesnutt with my nuts on your chest bitch
She said “hey 'Ye”
I said “Yes, bitch”
"Damn I'm only asking you a question"
I met this milf at the All-Star getting action
A cougar with more rings than Phil Jackson
Told her beauty is why God invented eyeballs
And her booty is why God invented my balls
I'm a rockstar, huh, start it up
Start it up, huh, start it up
So popular you should get a shot of us
Niggas don't take shots at us that is only obvious
The first album I vomited, the second I colonic'd it
Ain't nobody fucking with me, I Platonic'd it
Bet I got some slippers on, bet niggas gon' honor it
These ain't even real clothes homie I'm pajama rich
Banks told me homie go switch the style up
These bitches on me homie only to arouse us
Told her I ain't paying tonight I'm only browsing
She pulled her blouse up, said “It's free”, I said WOWZERS!

I'm going in and I'ma go hard
I mean what's the point if it ain't no scars
A little teeth marks
Blood on the collar
That's real love, mmhmm ahhnah
She said uh
How could you love someone that hurt you, played you, spoke to provoke you
How could you love someone that burns you, turns you into a werewolf
And in the moment you might do some things you're not aware of
No one's prepared for the scale of this, and now you fear love
And war and war and more and more drama looking for a score
State you're looking for a tour
Her allure is more couture, tailor-made
'Til your screams in rage
I mean ahhhhh I'm breaking out the damn cage, aghh
Hannibal Lector, my A-merican Psycho
A iller version of Ike, yo
The Thriller version of Michael
My recital is as bright as the light show up at the Eiffel
A werewolf up in Paris, I'm livin' off your vitals
I mean, I'll be your con man, I'll be your damn liar
Let's start the interview, I'll be your vampire
I gotta feel you, bite your neck to get familiar
And if you die, guess what, I fuckin' killed you

You know what, yo? You a bitch
You should have a travel agent, cause you a trip
You should make your own toilet tissue since you the shit
But all you got is some fucking issues you fucking bitch
I hate niggas, but I love your mom
Give her a kiss for me, her second son
Get your mind right baby or get your shit together
You gonna be hot a little while, I'mma be rich forever
Girl seducers, they come in deuces
But when I cut 'em off they always become a nuisance
Niggas take my old flows and they take my old swag
He just took my old bitch and turn it to his new bitch
I'm stupid but I won't get my drama on
What I'm dealing with is too real for me to comment on
Jay finally got it through my head not to run my mouth
So when you talk 'bout “you know who” I don't know who you talking 'bout

Unfortunately for the rest of ya'll
I'm way better than the best of all
And even though they focus on just the flaws
They still gonna annihilate the festivals
And we still gonna sip Dom Perignon
And still gonna eat the filet mignon
Yeah, yeah, yeah I've been known to cover up my eyes
With the Ray Beons

Flashing lights, the stress of life
Its way too much to handle in one night
Live this life like there's no tomorrow
Wake up in Paris with a Russian model
Throw your hands in the sky
If anybody got five dollars in your pocket right now
I call this club Titanic
Why, cause it's going down

For all my young ladies ladies that driving Miss Daisy
Driving me crazy, rock the beat, baby
Hop up out the ERR! she eat up the pavement
I don't give a ERR!, baby, he crazy
I'm back by unpopular demand
Least he still popping in Japan, shopping in Milan
Hopping out the van, screams from the fans
"Yeezy, always knew you'd be on top again!"
And we 'bout to hit Jacob the Jeweler
So I can be like Slick Rick, and rule ya
Dr. Martin Louis the King, Junior
And I'mma never let the dream turn to Kruegers
My outfit so disrespectful
You can go 'head and sneeze cause my presence blessed you
I mean, we walked in this bitch so stylish
Niggas done mistook me for my stylist
And I know it's superficial and you say it's just clothes
But we shopping in that motherfucker and they just closed
So go ahead and just pose
When she walked up out the dressing room, the store just froze
And I know they tryna get they cool back
And them ghetto bitches hollin' "How you do that?"
So they could never say we never lived it
And if I see Biggie tonight, I loved every minute

Martin Louie the King Jr
Starting all that stunting is gonna ruin you
If B.I. was alive, he'd prob'ly have the 2-tone
With the Grey Poupon, anything 'Ye poop on
Will explode, cause I am the shit and this is my commode
Uh-oh, there they go
Talkin' bout how your boy's clothes extra-tight
I just remembered that my limelight extra-bright
I hit the strip club and girls get extra-hype
You hit the strip club and girls turn extra-dyke
We know who not getting no sex tonight
And a lap dance'll prob'ly be a blessing, right?
So all the shit you talking, dead, coffin
Light the weed, coughin', new crib, loft in
Where it's at? Austin, Where is that? Texas
What's in front? Benzes, What else? Lexus
Well who's Maybach is this? Mr. West's

Mr. West is in the buildin'
Swagger on a hundred thousand trillion
Ayo, I know I got it first
I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the Pilgrims
Thanksgiving, do we even got a question?
Hermes pastel, I pass the dressing
My attitude is tattooed, that mean it's permanent
So I guess we should address it, huh?
My swagger is Mick Jagger
Every time I breathe on a track, I asthma attack it
"Why you so mad for? Why you gotta have it?"
'Cause I slaved my whole life, now I'm the master
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
How it feel to wake up and be the shit and the urine
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
Tryin' to get that Kobe number, one over Jordan

Lollipop, lollipop
Breasts is just like Dolly Parton
She ride my spaceship 'til she hit the top
That hit the spot, 'til she ask
"How many li-i-li-i-licks do it take 'til she get to shop?"
Don't worry why my wrists got so freeze?
Tell her, "Girl, like Doritos, that's nacho cheese"
Tell her friends, "Like Fritos, I'm trying to lay"
I can't only have one and I ain't tryin to wait"
This a song with Wayne, so you know it's gonna melt
But you ain't finna murder me like everybody else
I'mma rap like I got some type of respect for myself
I don't do it for my health, man I do it for the belt
Man, I do it to the death, 'til the roof get melt
Hundred degrees, drop the roof, so the coupe don't melt
Man, the flow so cold chicken soup won't help
We need fo' mo' hoes, we need oh-oh-oh-oh!
You know what it is when we're outta town
We ball in 2 seats, and you out of bounds
So come here baby girl
You're now fuckin' with the best in the world
Lollipop
The best in the wo-rld

I ain't tryin' to stress my wealth
But sometimes I gotta American Express myself
When the pastor asked me why I'm flashy
Well, sometimes I gotta bless myself
I see you shining, shining like a mirror ball
Why when we're abroad we don't never hear of y'all?
You local retard, I'm the king of the world
So the king of your city by default
Niggas pullin' out cash in wads
My pants kinda tight, only fit, a credit card
But please don't get to spazzin' on 'em
Really Doe got a different type of plastic on him
And all my niggas, is big tippers
Why? A little rain never hurt no strippers
And it ain't like I can't get along with you
But I need you to get along while I get richer
Speakin' of richer you talkin' bout prior
Let's talk about now and the future which I am
All star ah, Super Bowl shuffle
Suicide door ah, big world tour ah
I am the menorah of this new era
And uh, you are?, dawg, whatever
Got to excuse the cockiness
But only an asshole can give you this much shit

Right about this time raise your glasses
What's my motivation, that ass is
Start a conversation, like as if
You really want to know about a day in that shit
Go ahead and tell the DJ to play Swizz
So I ain't gotta tell these hoes who I is
Bitches hatin' again that's music to my ears
What's you think my fuel was for all Of these years?
I'm inspired when people don't like me
It keep me writing so exciting
Man, the drama is so enticing
I might just bite a motherfucker like Tyson
And just too fly a motherfucker show your chain
Throw your cash, that's cake and icing
I asked her 'you buying?'
She said 'no just sight seeing''
Maybe that's just because you ain't found the right thing? yeah!

Lookin' out my loft windows man my dreams became true
Lookin' at the mirror, wondering if it's the same dude
Lookin' at my closet wondering if it's all about clothes
Look right next to me, wondering if it's all about
Hop in the car and asked the OnStar where this life goes
And I drive so fast I blur the light post
They say Drive Slow, I say "I know"
Then errrr, away I go
And the way I flew
In this year or two
I know this is what God put me here to do
But in this excitement
You just might miss
A shorty with a demo like "Hey, you might like this"
And see
He
Remind me of me
Just a year ago
Now he
Tellin' me
I'm his her-ro-oh
I took his CD and asked him what he's lookin' for
He said, "Man, I don't know. Maybe a miracle"

Excuse me but this verse
Has not been Russell Simmons approved uh-uh
You won't see it on Run's house uh-uh
You won't see it at a nun's house
My New York nigga said he heard it at son's house
Talkin' 'bout how this ho is poor as my low is
Baby is my Lois, maybe I'm just bogus
Cause she don't wan't you to buy her a drank
Swizz said she ain't got no money in the bank
And she be standin' there, cause it's cameras
Tryin' to show yo legs off, you ain't Amerie
If I fall in love, a girl gon' live on rodeo
Until that day-o, she take the monorail
And I don't want no girl that will answer to "ayo"
Make it more harder, make me put some work in
You get to flirtin', play her just perfect
Fuck a drank, I'mma buy tha bar if ya worth it

Now I don't know what the hell this song is talkin' bout
Do you?
She said Yeah, I been spendin' all day tryin' to figure that out
You too?
The arms race made 'em raise they arm and race straight to the top
Who knew? (who knew?)
Right now they got that number one spot, do you want that? (want that?)
Me too
One thing I gotta call out, boy, take a look at Fall Out Boy
Since they ain't black, when they get money, they don't ball out, boy
They just buy tight jeans till their nuts hang all out, boy
They figure 'Ye dress tight so we gonna dress tighter
He dress white so we gone dress whiter
So in spite of
Anything you might've
Seen or heard
This scene occurred
Word

How can you say Kan is so pompous?
You ain't been to his concerts?
You just talking that nonsense
He in the same league Nas is
Or Jay is
My favorite
A lot of people say that's where 'Ye is
Though a freshman still the West man
One of the best, man, like Taye Diggs
And I was oh so patient
While niggas straight disrespectin' him
So I did what they ain't expect from him
Dropped The Dropout and blazed 'em
And ain't nobody feel my pain
Until the hits that I came with
I'm Kanye not Kayne
But to you, I'm Rick James bitch

Uh! And I'll be trying to come around my girl acting like Mr
Friendly
And steal the spotlight like Mr. Bentley
I spotted her like Spud McKenzie
And for them fake boobies I payed them Benjies
Get your own, I got Paris he got Nicky he tried to get em a
Clone
He said yeah you know you got extra hoes
And everything you do is extra cold
From the Polo fleece to the Jesus piece
I got family in high places like Jesus' niece
Can I please, say my peace
If y'all fresh to death, then I'm deceased
And this one here, is a heat rocks
Spit like a beat box, the way the beat rocks
New version of Pete Rock!
But for that Benz I get CL love
So I switch my girls around like 3LW
I'm calling

You my name is Kanye from the Roc-a-fam
When the Glocks on jam so when we pop 'em scram
We showed you on champions how we get down
So don't twist your lips up like bobby brown
You got LL on your bedroom wall
Well I'll be double L trying to talk to y'all
Now I ain't even stay in class
To figure out RnB to get all of that
Yow 'cuence this girl is bad

I'm getting spins all day in L.A
We can go to the D where Dwele dwell
D.C, P.G or ATL
Back in the Chi, mean my life like a magazine
Honey wanna know the details about my ebony
Well that's XXL
Far as the penthouse, yeah that's upscale
Mademoiselle got a hell of a Black tail
I'm feeling her vibe, her Body and Soul
I heard you stay in a metropolitan home
Well lets kill all the parlayin and offer you a cosmopolitan
Lets jet out the club, get some oxygen
Your friends claim I'm a player, you be lucky to keep me
But you know people gon' be talking 'bout us weekly
My car be in a Robb Re-p-o-r-t but what's more important to me
Is that you..

